what are the names of kris jenner's children?
what's the date of after 7's last song/album?
what's the name of the movie that received the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 1995?
how many points did darius miles get for free throws in the game on 2000-11-02?
what's the latest film that walt becker has directed?
which is a better investment, gold or silver, when considering long-term return?
what's the name of nashville's hockey team?
which player took home grand slam championship in 2017?
which country is the largest gold producer?
what was the total value of all initial public offerings in the americas for the technology sector in 2022?
how many companies have a market capitalization of over $25 billion and pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions?
which players have scored over 200 goals in the epl?
in the span of 2021, orlando magic won how many of their games?
on the most recent friday what was the open price of gfi?
is the price of meta stock higher or lower than it was at the yearly open?
what is the price-to-earnings ratio of auudw
when did tom in america first hit theaters?
in which year was 10 magazine (british magazine) launched?
can i make sashimi with slow cookers?
what movie earned the best animated feature film academy award in 2019, can you tell me?
how many years has the band radiohead been active for?
what's the total market value of simpple ltd.'s shares as of the most recent trading day?
during the 2022-12 season, did  chicago bulls score more total points in games than milwaukee bucks?
opening price of ocaxw last tues
which player has the most career assists in the wnba among players who have never won an assists title?
how much rings does steve kerr hold?
which of them started their career earlier, the offspring or fall out boy?
when did tosca musk come into this world?
how many godzilla movies millie bobby brown has been in
what is capital gain?
what was marseille's score last week?
on which days did the bq stock closes lower last week?
how many times have zendaya and tom holland starred in a film together?
how much does a super bowl ad cost?
who has had the most number one hits in country music, george strait or conway twitty?
when did mark a.z. dippé first come into the world?
when did the current president of the us get married?
what album did kings of leon release in 2013, which included the songs "wait for me" and "family tree"?
how many total albums harry styles release as a solo artist
at what age did miley cyrus come out as gender fluid
what's the language that eagle eye was released publicly in?
what was the overall worldwide box office revenue for the deep blue sea?
which film took longer to produce inside out or coraline?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard rock songs chart, imagine dragons or twenty one pilots?
who was the first actress to play the role of wonder woman in a live-action movie?
what is the least populated continent?
what actor plays themselves in the movie "zombieland"?
when was the warrior released?
how old is the youngest player for the lakers?
you know the movie, bolshoi babylon, who was the director?
blmn average closing price last week?
what was the starting stock price of ficvu on last tuesday?
what is the highest-grossing film that was rated r?
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 14 grammy awards and is known for her unique blend of country, pop, and rock music, including her hit songs "you belong with me" and "we are never ever getting back together"?
what's the name of the female rapper who was a judge on the reality tv show "american idol" for one season?
who has won more mlb world series titles, the athletics or mariners?
can you tell me the opening stock price of landp on the last friday?
which animated movie was recognized with the best feature film oscar in 2013, can you name it?
what was the total value of all mergers and acquisitions (m&a) in the healthcare sector in 2018?
which of patty ross's film has achieved the highest box office success globally?
what percentage of gross for pixar's 2020 movies came from outside the us and canada?
who was in charge of directing kathy griffin: allegedly?
who are the original bad boy pistons?
give at least 3 etf providers that has over 100 funds
in 2000, which rapper dropped "the marshall mathers lp"?
on what date did mbly start paying dividends to its investors?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest diversity, equity, and inclusion score?
what was the date of the first dividend distribution for pev?
what was the highest stock price of cnfr on a daily basis this week?
who played the lead role in the movie "forrest gump"?
what is the local name for mount vesuvius in neapolitan?
what was the average gross for all movies in the harry potter series in the uk?
give me today's open price for cardinal health
what was the premiere date of freddy vs. jason vs. ash?
how many people are casted in the movie "life of pi"
did the song the globe come out before the wedding?
what sport did the ufc heavyweight champion's brother play?
how many kids does blake lively have?
how many months did it take to release the first toy story movie?
who were the lead singers on the album "dark side of the moon" by pink floyd?
what are the top 10 holdings in spy?
what was the average worldwide gross for pixar's movies in 2017?
what album did the killers release in 2004, which included the songs "mr. brightside" and "jenny was a friend of mine"?
which movie has a higher rotten tomatoes score, the dark knight or the shawshank redemption?
is ricotta drinkable?
on 2022-10-11, how many points did bulls put up in their game?
could you tell me the days when the stock price of peak closed higher during the first week of january 2024?
can you tell me the year ms. (magazine) was started?
how much of the total cryptocurrency market cap is ethereum?
who were the stars of living in bondage: breaking free?
ocaxw last tues open price
does broccoli or cauliflower have more vitamin c?
what was the number of times los angeles lakers failed to win at home in 2023-01?
what are the names of all the movies in the indiana jones franchise?
can you tell me who is the current usa today's sister company?
who was the director for the report?
which company has a higher market capitalization, walmart or broadcom?
what professional won the best actor oscar in 2020?
who has won more american music awards, drake or kendrick lamar?
was mengkuang dam being utilized in 1983?
what are first ten companies in the dow jones, sorted alphabetically?
at what age did steven spielberg direct their first movie?
who's lorient going up against in their next game in fra-ligue 1?
which big east teams made the 2023 ncaa women's basketball tournament?
who are the members of the band kings of leon?
how many times has lady gaga won the academy award for best original song?
how many guitarists have been part of the band guns n' roses throughout its history?
how many hardware units has nintendo sold?
who has released more tracks between vanessa hudgens and debbie reynolds?
what was the open price of mny on the tues from the past week?
who is the starting quarterback on baltimore's nfl team?
which states do not require auto insurance?
what was the date that jada pinkett married will smith?
what was the final stock price of mobix labs on the last trading day?
tell me the songs released by steve miller in 2019
when did the beatles begin performing
what country does the company behind spider-man 2 (2023 video game) call home?
when did gladz last issue dividends to its shareholders?
who are the members of the band imagine dragons?
what are fireboy dml's five most popular songs on spotify?
list the members of paramore
on langeland, what is the side of the road that people drive on?
who was the younger actor, the adventures of sharkboy and lavagirl with cayden boyd or office space with ron livingston?
how many stock exchanges are operated by nasdaq, inc?
what's the date of birth of phillip guzman, the celebrated moviemaker?
what is the height difference between allal al fassi dam and foum gleita dam in meters?
when was a special evening with elton john released for public access?
how many albums has taylor swift released in their career?
which goalie has the most career wins in the nhl who have never won the vezina trophy?
what is the driving side in mallorca?
which band has more members at the moment, babymetal or depeche mode?
how many ex-dividend date are announced each year by agnc
how much is tesla's stock price down from its all-time high?
how many music tours has the band arcade fire headlined throughout their career?
number of members in eye to eye's band
what was the final goal tally for las palmas in their last game in esp-la liga?
can you tell me the number of songs released by the artist who won the best new artist in 47th grammy (2004)?
what was the first project that alexandre aja worked on as a director?
what are the names of the people taylor swift has publicly dated?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest price-to-book ratio?
how many free throw points did damian jones score in the game on 2022-10-03?
in the 2022 season, which basketball team had more total wins, golden state warriors or los angeles lakers?
how many movies has chris hemsworth played thor in?
which player has the most consecutive stolen bases in mlb history without being caught since 1980?
what was the first movie to feature a person who can enter and manipulate people's dreams?
how many teams are in the nba g-league?
what was the worldwide box office sales for little hercules?
what album did fergie release in 2006, which included the songs "fergalicious" and "glamorous"?
which type of cheese is higher in calcium content, cheddar or mozzarella?
who are the owners of the vogtle electric generating plant?
who was the director of all is true?
how many members does the teknoist have?
which movie, judas and the black messiah or dunkirk, fared better in terms of oscar wins?
what is the latest dividend from paychex?
which film was more expensive to shoot, tangled or justice league?
who was the winner of more grammy awards up until 62nd grammy (2019), thomas rhett or loretta lynn?
nancy white 2002 songs
what was the total value of all exchange-traded funds (etfs) in the global market in 2022?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard r&b/hip-hop songs chart, drake or kendrick lamar?
how many times has dwayne "the rock" johnson won a kids' choice awards?
on which date did forty distribute dividends last time
what is the deniz gamze ergüven's birthday?
in 2021 what was the final count of wins that golden state warriors had?
which player has the most career passing yards in the nfl among players who have never won a championship?
can you tell me when westlife began their career in music?
what is working capital?
which stock had the highest return in the s&p 500 for the year 2023: amazon (amzn), google (googl), or meta (meta)?
what is michael sporn's birthdate?
when was liam kyle sullivan born?
which one of these came out earlier, the greater meaning of water or small town ecstasy?
how do the historical market capitalizations of coca-cola and pepsico  compare over the past decade?
who among patricia place and lana clarkson is younger?
who has won more world series championships as a player and manager, babe ruth or joe torre?
which films were shot in toronto in 1995?
on what date did bradley walker tomlin die?
which day did microsoft had higher trading volume? today or yesterday?
can you list the movies that tom hanks has academy awards nominations as a leading role?
during 2022-01, how many points did boston celtics rack up in total?
can you tell me the average daily high of bkr for the past week?
what was the price of mfa financial's stock when the market first opened today?
what was dallas mavericks's win tally in 2022?
who has played drums for the red hot chili peppers?
which advertising company in the s&p 500 index has a separate chair/ceo?
what are justin bieber's three most recent releases?
on which date did ctbb distribute dividends the first time
in the entirety of 2021, detroit pistons did win how many games?
who wrote the song this christmas?
who won the most grammy awards, beyoncé or jay-z
which director has the most movies under their belt, harrison smith or susan muska?
how many songs has the band queen released that have been written by their bassist, john deacon?
what total points were scored by orlando magic in 2022-01?
which movie has a higher number of oscar nominations, 12 angry men or schindler's list?
how many nations does mount takahe stretch across?
who was the coach of the team that won the stanley cup last season?
what are the three most recent releases by imagine dragons?
which dj is known for wearing a marshmallow helmet, marshmello or skrillex?
how many times has meryl streep been nominated for an academy award for best actress?
who has a greater net worth, steve ballmer or phil knight?
what do you mean by the secondary market?
which artist holds the record for the most grammy awards, beyoncé or adele?
for yesterday, what was the closing price of rdus?
what is the name of the show where danny mcbride plays kenny powers?
in which country is the company that developed robocop: rogue city located?
what was the average budget for all movies in the harry potter series?
what was the global box office income for we bought a zoo?
what was the closing price of imaq yesterday?
which company in the nasdaq 100 index has the highest number of employees?
which movie did the academy awards honor with the best documentary feature film in 1990?
what's the birth date of david crosby?
who was the lead singer of pink floyd in 1991?
which animated movie won the academy award for best animated feature film in 2009?
what are the names of the movies in the hunger games film series?
what is the etymology of haribo's name?
how old is the current ceo of microsoft?
can you provide details on the opposing team for paris s-g in their forthcoming match in fra-ligue 1?
which university has a higher student-to-faculty ratio, harvard or princeton?
what's the date of villarreal's upcoming game in esp-la liga?
can you tell me the ticker symbol of the company that owns usa today?
on which date did jof distribute dividends the first time
how many years after reaching $1 trillion market capitalization did it take apple to hit $2 trillion?
what is the recommended amount of protein you need in a day?
what was the final score of los angeles lakers's game on 2023-05-22?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the second highest dividend yield?
which stock has better pe: tgaaw or  edbl.
did minnesota timberwolves win more in 2021 than philadelphia 76ers?
which company has a higher dividend yield, altria group or keycorp?
can you tell me the date that westw paid out its initial dividend?
what is the name of the mountains in montana
what album did olivia rodrigo release in 2021, which included the songs "traitor" and "deja vu"?
when did pwfl first issue dividends to its shareholders?
which days did warrior met coal close higher this week?
what was the dividend distribution schedule for dominion energy in 2022, was it quarterly, annually or something else?
what was the total value of all exchange-traded funds (etfs) in the united states in 2021?
which nasdaq stock has been traded the most today?
who finished in second the year max verstappen won his first championship?
has leonardo dicaprio or brad pitt won more academy awards?
in 2022, how often did gen digital pay out dividends to its shareholders?
which wta player has the most career match wins that has never won a singles grand slam?
which company in the russell 2000 index has the highest return on equity (roe)?
what teams are minor league affiliates of the boston red sox?
which animated movie won the academy award for best animated feature film in 2012?
what was the total value of all exchange-traded notes (etns) in the commodity sector ten years ago?
which film came out first, firewall or exit wounds?
which movie mark ruffalo acted explained serial killers based in san francisco bay area
which company have larger market cap, plya or usas?
who wrote uma thurman?
longest known length of a tiger shark in meters.
what are the area codes of denver?
who was the second oldest member of the jackson 5?
how many times has jennifer lawrence acted in a movie she produced?
which company has distributed more dividends this year, ggn or  eea?
which city was hailey bieber born?
what was the date of the initial dividend distribution for abcb?
how many grand slam titles has venus williams won?
is asia a bigger continent than europe?
which movie won the oscar best animated feature film in 2015?
which company has a higher debt-to-equity ratio, apple or tesla?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard country airplay chart, carrie underwood or faith hill?
who had the better win record in 2021: sacramento kings or orlando magic?
what are all the soccer teams owned by red bull?
what are the names of the sisters in hocus pocus?
what is the abbreviation used to represent the company that owns the new york times in stock market listings?
on what date did alpine income property trust last pay out a dividend to its shareholders?
which movie was acclaimed for its visual effects at the oscars in 2001?
who were the members of the band the beatles during the 1960s?
which country won more gold medals at the 2022 olympics, usa or china?
what was the name of the movie that won the most golden globe awards in a single year, including best motion picture – drama, best director, and best actor – motion picture drama?
how many people live in the biggest city of russia?
which artist had more song releases last year, vince gill or beastie boys?
on which date did cgo distribute dividends the first time
which movie received the best documentary feature award at the oscars in 1997?
last trading day krt daily low and high
who has a longer streak of consecutive number one hits, ariana grande or taylor swift?
what was the volume of trading in cabot corporation's stock on the most recent day that dividends were distributed?
what is the lynne naylor's birthday?
which teams managed to overcome golden state warriors and emerge victorious in their games played during 2022-12?
who was in charge of luton town during their previous game in eng-premier league, serving as the team captain?
how many movies has denzel washington directed?
can you tell me the number of zip codes in nashville, tennessee?
what is the profession of the owner of x's third most followed account?
what's the schedule for rayo vallecano's upcoming game in esp-la liga?
which movie was created first, a walk to remember or the notebook?
what was the total value of all cryptocurrency assets as of january 31st, 2024?
who was the coach of the team that won the ncaa men's basketball championship last year?
which player has the most career home runs among mlb players who have never won a mlb mvp award?
what is the number of films that feature both sam hargrave and josh brolin played?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of katniss in the movie "the hunger games"?
how many films are there in the "fast & furious" franchise?
which etf is traded more the day before yesterday, macau or inaq?
what was the lakers' record the year kobe bryant won mvp?
who were the members of the band abba?
how tall is the eiffel tower?
who has won more mtv video music awards, lady gaga or katy perry?
which movie won the oscar best visual effects in 2006?
what year and month did the civil war begin?
when did shbi last issue dividends?
which corporation, cstm or imrn, has a larger market capitalization?
which players have won the nba finals mvp award at least three times?
what teams are part of group e in the 2023 fifa women's world cup?
how many times has brad pitt been married?
did alavés play their last esp-la liga game at home or away?
how many points did denver nuggets put up on the board in their game on 2023-06-12?
can you name the songs that tasmin little put out in 2009?
what is the name of the newspaper that shares the same parent company as armenian weekly?
who was head coach of the colts in peyton manning's rookie year?
who has dwayne johnson been married to in the past?
what was the peak stock price of erf during the past week?
what was the outcome of sheffield utd's most recent match in eng-premier league?
what's the earnings per share of htcr?
on which date did nrk distribute dividends the first time
what happened to the original journey vocalist?
how many days did dhcni close higher this week?
which movie has a higher number of academy awards, la la land or the greatest showman?
how many times has justin bieber won the american music award for artist of the year?
how many months did it take to film the third spiderman movie with tom holland.
which movie took home the best visual effects oscar in 2013?
which movie had the higher box office earnings, whiplash or the big lebowski?
what's forty's earnings per share?
who has won the f1 drivers' championship at least five times?
what was the last date that ghc distributed dividends?
what is the other language georgetown came out in originally?
what was the number of victories houston rockets had in 2022?
frhc's current market cap.
what was the closing price of hamilton lane yesterday?
which company in the nasdaq 100 index has the highest return on assets (roa)?
when did the lead actor of die hard get married?
who was the captain for barcelona in their last appearance in esp-la liga?
when tom hanks won their first academy award for best actor, which film was recognized as the best picture?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest operating margin?
which player was selected higher in the nfl draft, cj stroud or anthony richardson?
list 3 disney christmas movies that released in 2023.
how much percentage does apple's stock price rise compared to its ipo price using the closing price today?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of queen in the fifth and sixth seasons of the show tv show "the crown"?
how many times has taylor swift won the billboard award for best country artist?
what was the release date for the famous passenger 57?
what has been the highest price that enlight renewable energy traded in today?
what album did garth brooks release in 1997, which included the songs "in another's eyes" and "cowboy cadillac"?
in which year was cosmopolitan (magazine) launched?
in 2021, what was the most popular horror movie?
how many weeks are in a year?
what is the highest-grossing r-rated movie?
nep's current market cap.
what's the name of the person who directed holiday in the sun?
which company in the nasdaq 100 index has the highest ratio of green energy usage?
name the last five albums by taylor swift.
how many goals did barcelona put the ball in the back of the net last week?
how many interstate highways run through new mexico?
which movie received the best documentary feature honor at the academy awards in 2017?
what was ags's open price this past friday?
who were the players that brest teamed up with in their last game in fra-ligue 1?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard country airplay chart, carrie underwood or lady antebellum?
how many different countries does copahue stretch across?
how many years did barack obama serve as president for usa
which company has a higher earnings per share, kla or netflix?
what movie received the best animated feature film award at the oscars in 2011?
which player has the most career wins in the nhl among goalies who have never won a stanley cup?
how many people has taylor swift publicly dated?
which of benny andersson's film has achieved the highest box office success globally?
who had the highest net worth in 2020?
what was the peak daily stock price of nov over the past week?
what year was the first "iron man" film released?
what did brian may play in queen?
can you help me find out what's the market cap of nvac now
which movie has a higher number of oscar wins for visual effects, avatar or the lord of the rings: the return of the king?
where did yakult originate?
who will sheffield utd take on this week?
on which date did bkdt distribute dividends last time
what was the date of the ufc event where sean o'malley beat aljamain sterling last year?
how many times has abigail johnson been named as one of the most powerful women in the world by forbes?
what's the price-to-earnings ratio of ovbc as of now?
what are the names of everybody in the beach boys?
what were tesla's quarerly reported earnings per share for the fiscal year 2022?
what is the ticker symbol of the company that owns the buffalo news?
does ios 17 have a wider language support compared to ios 16?
what was the open price of inaqw on last tues?
what movie was recognized with the best animated feature film award at the oscars in 2020?
how many times has trevor noah hosted the grammys?
what's the next game for monaco in fra-ligue 1 and when is it happening?
what are the names of all the movies in the austin powers franchise?
what is the name of oprah's partner?
what was the first film that norman johnson jr. had a role in?
who is the head coach of san jose's nhl team?
what was the pricing of the most recent ipo for a major social media company?
in their last league match, how did granada perform in terms of wins and losses?
how many movies has andrew garfield been casted as spiderman
which date was stephen amell born?
which movie claimed the oscar for best visual effects in 2018?
tell me latest three songs released by daniel hall
when did michael bay first come into the world of cinema?
what was the date stan helsing was released for public view?
can you tell me the number of goals lens scored in their previous game in fra-ligue 1?
who was the talented performer who received the best actor oscar in 2008 for their role in a movie?
who had the most lines in all of the star wars movies?
what are the state birds of maine, idaho, new mexico and california?
what was the total box office receipts for mutant chronicles?
what was the total value of all hedge fund assets under management in 2021?
which female boxers have retired undefeated?
which movie has a higher number of academy awards, the godfather or pulp fiction?
what charity did lady gaga co-founded with her mother?
who was the mvp of the mlb world series last year?
what was the total box office receipts for all the queen's men worldwide?
which company has a higher return on assets, visa or mastercard?
what album did halsey release in 2017, which included the songs "now or never" and "eyes closed"?
how many jump shots did darius miles score with in the game on 2000-11-08?
which players have won two consecutive super bowl mvp awards?
which company has a higher return on equity, visa or mastercard?
where did kefir come from?
what was the date for the first release of the revenge of larry?
how many fast & furious movies are there?
how big is the market cap of the new york stock exchange compared to the london stock exchange?
how many more spotify streams does the weeknd have on his most played song compared to the second?
can you tell me how many times the cigna group paid out dividends in 2024 q1?
who painted the school of athens?
what is the largest reptile?
who was the director of seven psychopaths?
who won the most academy awards, colleen atwood or robin williams?
who was the talented performer who received the best actor oscar in 2008?
what was the location of burnley's most recent eng-premier league game? was it a home game or an away game?
wavsw average closing price last week?
on average, what was the daily high stock price of xpev over the past week?
who has won more nba titles as a player and coach, steve kerr or phil jackson?
can you tell me the highest price so far that masimo corporation has been traded at today?
what was the first movie to feature a predominantly deaf cast and use american sign language as its primary language?
what is a movie to feature a person who can create and control a device that can manipulate the laws of physics?
what was the debut movie directed by adam marcus?
what are 3 examples of stocks that increased in value today?
how small is the smallest state in the us?
how many guitarists have been members of the band guns n' roses?
how many acc teams made it to the 2023 ncaa men's basketball tournament?
what are natalie portman 3 most recent movies?
what is the average critic score on rotten tomatoes for the rush hour movies?
what are the names of all the movies in the terminator franchise?
where did the ceo of salesforce previously work?
at what age did usher perform in the half time show of superbowl?
what was the global box office revenue for neverwas?
how many musicals has hugh jackman performed in?
which team has had the longer championship drought, the dallas cowboys or san francisco 49ers?
what's the language that the bourne ultimatum was released publicly in?
what year did olivia rodrigo win the grammys best new artist award?
what was the number of days that cpi aerostructures saw a higher open price from the previous day's close this week?
what country is the company that developed fuga: melodies of steel 2 based in?
when did the movie "blade runner" take place?
which company has a higher return on equity, visa or mastercard?
what is the language that the 7 was released in?
how many times has angelina jolie played maleficent in a movie?
can you tell me the date that axgn paid out its first dividend?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of katherine goble johnson in the movie "hidden figures"?
which companies had the three largest funding rounds of 2023?
what is plato's theory of forms?
what was the total value of all mergers and acquisitions (m&a) in the healthcare sector in 2020?
is microsoft office 2019 available in a greater number of languages than microsoft office 2013?
what's the volume of this if it's 12 feet by 7 feet and stands at a height of 4 feet?
what is the net worth of tesla's ceo?
who is the main actor for the movie that has won the most bafta awards?
how many movies steven spielberg directed
which movie has the highest box office in 2023?
what is the company name of aldi derived from?
how many american music awards has taylor swift won throughout her career?
how many grammys has avril lavigne been nominated for throughout her career?
what's the percentage change in spotify premium subscribers from the start of the 2015 fiscal year and the end of the 2020 fiscal year?
what movie won the academy award for best animated feature film in 2009?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest gross margin?
what are the different product families from nvidia?
what are the stock exchanges operated by nasdaq, inc.?
can you help me find out what's the market cap of carr now
which movie earned the best animated feature film academy award in 2018, can you name it?
which animated movie was honored with the academy award for best animated feature film in 2012?
from 49th grammy (2006) to 51st grammy (2008), who were awarded as the best new artist?
which university did natalie portman attend?
was haunted house released before the year 1960?
is eli lilly and company's stock price up from its yearly open?
what was the number of losses milwaukee bucks had as the home team during 2022-12?
what sport does pau gasol's brother play?
what's the number of nations that mount elbrus covers?
who has won more tour de france titles, lance armstrong or eddy merckx?
what was the total value of all venture capital investments in the fintech sector in 2022 in the united states?
who is the first actor to play superman?
can you compare the market caps of cogt and ftft and tell which one is larger?
how many awards did jenna ortega win for her role as wednesday adams?
who made it to the semifinals of the most recent women's grand slam?
which company has a greater market cap, wiw or mficl?
what was the stock price of amtd at the close of market yesterday?
who directed the movie "the shining"?
in the fortune 500 which company has the highest market cap in 2010 in the us
what album did outkast release in 2000, which included the songs "ms. jackson" and "so fresh, so clean"?
identify the primary quarterback and tight end duo for the kansas city chiefs.
how many tv shows did lewis milestone direct throughout his career?
who made the creative decisions for madea's big happy family?
how many epl teams are based in london?
can you tell me how many grammies were won by arlo guthrie until 60th grammy (2017)?
what movie received the best animated feature film oscar in 2014?
what is justin bieber's birthday?
who's the younger actor between amber tamblyn and ja rule?
what was the month it was announced they would create star war the force awakens?
what was the price of fsfg at the end of the trading day yesterday?
which player has the most career rebounds in the wnba among players who have never won a defensive player of the year award?
where did the ceo of anthropic previously work?
which movie claimed the oscar for best visual effects in 2001?
which franchise has won more championships, the lakers or the celtics?
which driver won more f1 races last season, sergio perez or carlos sainz jr?
what is the current market value of camping world holdings's outstanding shares?
what movies are coming out in july 2024?
are iceland and cyprus in the same time zone in winter?
what is the most recent movie directed by jake szymanski?
can you list idris elba's kids?
how many times has kanye west won the grammy award for producer of the year?
can you list the teams that were victorious in their matchups against milwaukee bucks during 2021-12?
who has won more grammy awards, beyoncé or adele?
what's the name of the movie that received the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 2001?
how many times has tom hanks played himself in a movie?
how many goals did lille score last week?
how far is seattle, washington from alamagordo, new mexico as the crow flies?
which country has a larger gdp, china or india?
how many total likes do the rock and will smith have on tiktok combined?
how far did last year's west coast conference champion go in the postseason?
who took the oscar for best visual effects in 1997?
which film had the higher grossing weekend, harry potter and the half-blood prince or harry potter and the deathly hallows – part 2?
how many languages does sundar pichai speak
what age did abraham lincoln begin his presidency?
which company has higher open stock price today, sabsw or  banc^f?
who are the current members of the wu-tang clan?
what are ben stiller 3 most recent movies?
are crete and madeira in the same time zone in winter?
what was taylor swifts age when she released her debut album?
what nfl teams have never made the super bowl?
how many songs are on taylor swift's latest album?
in 2021, how many victories did minnesota timberwolves record?
in 2022-12, how many times did new york knicks lose their games as the home team?
how many cups liquid is in a quart
which company has seen lower trading activity this week, mny or  gpac?
how many free throw points did theo ratliff score in the game on 2000-11-01?
who was the director for the film, bambi ii?
which stock had higher gross income in the 4th quarter of 2023? apple or microsoft
what is difference between long-term and short-term capital gains?
which years did the boston red sox win the world series?
who were the actors and actresses featured in starry eyes?
in their most recent game in eng-premier league, which team did wolves have the opportunity to play against?
what team did the mighty ducks play against in the final game in the second mighty ducks movie?
what's the trading volume of mgrm on the last trading day?
what was the trading volume of eprt on the first day of trading in january 2024?
what is the number of minions gru has in despicable me?
who's on the schedule for brentford this week?
who has won more grand slam titles in tennis, roger federer or rafael nadal?
which company have larger market cap, hri or imppp?
what was the most popular music genre in 2001, rap or pop?
what is the earnings per share of cday?
what was the initial release date of thick as thieves?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard country airplay chart, tim mcgraw or faith hill?
how many music notes are used in western music?
what's the worldwide box office revenue for duck?
who are some notable nba draft picks from 2011?
as the home team during 2023-01, how many of their games did charlotte hornets lose?
how much do i pay in interest this month on a $2,000 credit card balance that has a simple annual interest rate is 14.99% per annum?
how many times has jodie foster won the jupiter award for best international actress?
could you tell me which company has a higher market cap between hcvi and atak?
how many free throws did shaquille o'neal get score in game on 2000-11-22?
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 13 grammy awards and is known for her unique blend of pop, r&b, and electronic music, as well as her energetic live performances?
who are all the members of rolling stones?
who has won more atp masters 1000 titles, novak djokovic or rafael nadal?
is windows 11 available in more languages than windows 10?
what is sofia kenin's win-loss record this month?
which player has the most career hat-tricks in the premier league among players who have never won the golden boot?
in 51st grammy (2008), which artist took home the best new artist?
who was the villain of kung fu panda movie?
in which city did justin bieber get married?
what percentage of tencent music users are premium subscribers?
on what date did glbe begin distributing dividends to shareholders for the first time?
where did beyoncé get married?
list the top 3 sports movies that were based on real life events.
what's the closing price of voyager therapeutics when it closed higher last time?
on which date did landp distribute dividends the first time
who are the members of birds of chicago?
who are the top three artists with the most monthly listeners on spotify currently?
how many strikeouts per inning did shohei ohtani have in 2022?
what's today's current stock price of dcfcw?
what was the total value of all mergers and acquisitions (m&a) deals in the energy sector in q4 of 2023?
what is the capital of australia?
what is the title of the film that recieved the academy award accolade for the best documentary feature film?
what was the total points tally for indiana pacers in 2022-12, encompassing all games played during that month?
how many people live in the smallest city of finland?
is the eastern honey bee or the western honey bee more common?
which band sold more albums worldwide: the beatles or the rolling stones?
who did travis kelce date before taylor swift?
what was the highest-grossing movie in the box office in 2023?
can you tell me the last date on which kinder morgan paid out dividends?
how many documentaries has leonardo dicaprio produced about environmental issues?
how many grand slam titles has novak djokovic won?
who was the winner of the wimbledon women's singles tournament this year?
what are the names of the albums that machine gun kelly has released?
what's the open price for intellicheck today?
which athletes have won more than eight olympic gold medals throughout their career?
how many zip codes are there in montgomery, alabama?
what was the total box office earnings for the proposal?
against whom will alavés be playing in their next game in esp-la liga?
how many studio albums has shakira released between 2000 and 2010?
do you know who le havre will be facing in their next game in fra-ligue 1?
which movie won the oscar best visual effects in 2021?
who are the top 3 richest people in the world?
in the year 2022, how many games did boston celtics win?
who are the members of the band mgmt?
can you tell me the number of goals atlético madrid scored in their previous game in esp-la liga?
what are 5 stocks that dropped the most ytd performance % in the year 2020
how many cars does steve harvey own
which movie received the academy award oscar for the best documentary feature film in the year 1999?
which movie has a longer runtime, the lord of the rings: the return of the king or the dark knight?
who are the owners of the gundremmingen nuclear power plant?
what is the price-to-earnings ratio of haia
on which day did the freightcar america distribute dividends in the last year?
what was the highest stock price of frsh on a daily basis this week?
what is the total market worth of cyd as of today?
how many different variations of retrievers exist?
what is the 2023 federal income tax rate for a joint filer with taxable income of $182,089?
what was rmco's open price this past friday?
what are the first 3 largest continents in the world?
who wrote the song the fish?
when did the lead actor of naked gun die?
how many grammys did baby blue receive until 62nd grammy (2019)?
who is the oldest member of nickelback?
who was crowned the best actor at the 2012 oscars?
what is the native name of mount elbrus in kabardian?
which movie received the best documentary feature honor at the academy awards in 1994?
what school did the 2016 heisman trophy winner play for?
what was the peak daily stock price of hour over the past week?
what professional won the best actor oscar in 2007?
how much did the more popular wholesale store make in 2020?
how many albums does journey have?
what is the title of the movie that holds the record for the most academy award wins?
what's the name of gordon ramsay's restaurant in at caesars?
who was crowned the best actor at the academy awards in 2010 for their role in a movie?
what's the ratio that apple music pays artists per stream compared to  spotify?
how many goals did brest net last week?
who took the oscar for best visual effects in 2017?
can you name a twilight character who can control and manipulate the elements, including water, fire, earth, and air?
how many jump shots did kenyon martin score with in the game on 2000-11-15?
how many times does apple report their earnings each year?
tell me the most recent song or album by doris duke?
which company has a higher pe ratio, wu or  adt?
who invented the trampoline?
what album did major lazer release in 2020, which included the songs "bam bam" and "trigger"?
what's the name of the actor who played the role of a lawyer with no law degree in the tv show "suits"?
how many nfl teams play in a dome?
what movie had the largest budget that was a comedy movie?
are tinos and karpathos in the same time zone in winter?
how many british academy film awards awards did the movie "poor things" win?
which company has a higher price-to-book ratio, visa or mastercard?
what are the names of the 3 main characters in top gun?
how many times has lady gaga played a character with a mental illness in a movie?
how many tracks are in drake's album "for all the dogs"?
which film secured the best visual effects oscar in 1996?
how many songs did james arthur release in 2016?
can you tell me the last time soho paid dividends?
what was the title of the movie that won the best animated feature film award at the oscars in 2020?
what are reese witherspoon's dogs names?
who won the oscar best actor in 2019?
how many movies has michael bay directed?
how many countries in europe have a personal income tax rate over 49%?
what are the new nfl overtime rules?
what are bonds?
which film received the most number of awards, barbie or oppenheimer?
what is the name of the company that has the highest dividend yield in the s&p 500 index?
in eng-premier league, which player served as captain for chelsea in their previous game?
which animated movie won the academy award for best animated feature film in 2012?
which artist was younger, alice cooper or nina simone?
who was the number one overall pick in the mlb draft in 2008?
can you tell me the name of the artist who won the award for song of the year in 49th grammy (2006)?
what songs did miles kane release in 2022?
which team is currently the number one seed in the nba's eastern conference?
what is the title that chicago had originally?
how many times did krispy kreme pay dividends to its investors in 2022?
what was the final tally of points for minnesota timberwolves in 2022-12, taking into account all games played during that month?
what was the global box office revenue for caught up?
what was the highest-grossing film in 2008?
can you tell me the number of times oklahoma city thunder won in the year 2022?
which band had more member changes in their career, the offspring or pink floyd?
what is the death date of edward hopper?
wt what time did the assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford first premiere in theaters?
how many more instagram followers does kim kardashian need to pass her sister?
what was the open price of pavs last friday?
what are google's three largest acquisitions to date?
what was the worldwide box office earnings for vampire diary?
was bob marley's first hit single a reggae version of a classical symphony?
what is my effective tax rate if i paid $14,625 in taxes with a $100,000 income?
which actors were nominated for best leading role in 2022?
who has more goals, ronaldo or messi?
which album from the beatles sold more copies, abbey road or sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band?
how many artist are in the "we are the world" song?
what's the worldwide box office revenue for pirates of the caribbean: dead men tell no tales?
who was crowned the best actor at the 2007 oscars?
what songs/albums did rihanna win grammy awards?
in what year was the first "spider-man" film released?
who was the top scorer in the women's world cup last year?
what is the ratio of siri's stock price to its earnings?
i'm curious which company has higher earnings per share, pxmd or  cof^k?
which company has the highest revenue among automotive manufacturers?
what is the driving side in ireland?
where can i get puzzle games for an android?
how many sales did daddy yankee average in the us on the albums barrio fino en directo and barrio fino?
what was the profession of kim kardashian's second spouse?
who did paris hilton marry in 2021?
what was the stock price of northern trust corporation at the closing yesterday?
which bank in the us made the most last year on green debt?
during 2021-12, which teams were able to outplay philadelphia 76ers in their head-to-head matchups?
what is the total number of films directed by steven spielberg?
who has more tiktok followers, charli d'amelio or mr. beast?
which film is longer, knocked up or superbad?
what was the first movie to feature a person who can transform into a werewolf?
which team did boston celtics take on in their matchup on 2023-05-29?
in which stream did donald trump earn his bachelor of science degree
which years did fall out boy release albums?
who are the original band members of pink floyd?
what's the name of the dutch national anthem?
how many awards has beyoncé won throughout her career?
what was michelle obama's code name
is kim kardashian worth more than kylie kardashian?
which player has the most career points in the nba among players who have never won an nba championship?
how many points did michael olowokandi get for free throws in the game on 2000-11-13?
what was the highest price of bitcoin in the past decade?
who directed bridget jones: the edge of reason, can you tell me?
can you name the members of the the bastard fairies group for me?
in their most recent league match, how did tottenham fare in terms of victories and defeats?
what movie won the most oscars, lincoln or the girl with the dragon tattoo?
can you list all of taylor swift's song genres?
what was the date of birth for brent corrigan?
what was the initial stock price of glac on the last tues?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest ratio of institutional ownership?
how many stock holdings in spy that has over 5% weightage
which player has the most career steals in the nba among players who have never won a steals title?
what was the low price of meta stock on feb 14 2024
tell me how much touchdowns is the most scored in a game.
could you provide the earnings per share for aptmw?
which film secured the best visual effects oscar in 2005?
what did chad kroeger do before joining nickelback?
how many domestic companies were listed on the new york stock exchange in 2020?
what was the global box office income for hustle & flow?
what is the market cap of rmcow?
what was the first movie to be filmed entirely in outer space?
what's the date of the next game for paris s-g in fra-ligue 1?
what was the worldwide box office haul for i am legend?
what was dynatrace's stock price at its lowest point during the previous month?
how many times has lizzo won the grammy award for album of the year?
who are the non-english players that have scored 150 goals or more in the premier league?
what is the most popular dog breed for families?
how many songs have been released by barbra streisand since winning he/she won their first grammy?
can you tell me the number of days pev closed higher this week?
which resident evil movie had the most deaths?
what was the first studio album from the group that michael jackson was in?
what are morgan freeman 3 most recent movies?
which team prevailed more in 2022: sacramento kings or orlando magic?
how many followers does kylie jenner have on instagram?
how many zip codes are there in raleigh, north carolina?
what city in california has the largest population?
which player has the most career rushing yards in the nfl among players who have never won a championship?
who is the starting quarterback of the buffalo bills?
when was the birth of michael bay?
list 5 movies that stan lee makes a cameo in.
what's the name of rihanna's fashion brand?
can you provide me with the most recent stock price of curo today?
which country does pete seeger come from?
is dreamworks animation owned by time warner or universal pictures?
how many companies have a market capitalization of over $10 billion and pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions?
who has won more grand slam titles in tennis, roger federer or rafael nadal?
how long is the longest river in alabama?
what age did taylor swift release her first album?
who is the american rock band that has sold over 150 million records worldwide and is known for their hit songs "sweet emotion" and "walk this way"?
what was the trading volume of erf on the previous trading day?
what's the stock high price of altair engineering from the past week?
can you provide me with the most recent stock price of block?
what is the company name of mevgal derived from?
what is the name of the high school in the movie "mean girls"?
how long was angelina jolie a united nations' goodwill ambassador?
how much money did meta earn in 2022?
who was the player who had the most assists in professional football last season?
what school does lebron james's youngest son attend?
how many olympic bronze medals has michael phelps won?
what are the telephone area codes for the city of boise, idaho?
what was the total value of all foreign direct investment (fdi) inflows into the united states as of 2022?
what's the language that garbage: one mile high... live was released publicly in?
how many nba finals have the los angeles lakers won?
what is the rob reiner's birthday?
which female boxers have won world titles in at least three different weight classes?
who is the lead singer of fall out boy?
how many grand slams has iga swiatek won on hard courts?
on the previous trading day, what was the lowest stock price of lensar?
what's the current stock price of spi energy co.?
how many days did jof close higher this week?
who is the person to win best actor award in 1994?
can you tell me what other songs the same artist released in the same year as my time?
can you tell me the closing price for pev from yesterday?
what album did billie eilish won a grammy for in 2022?
who was the spouse of brad pitt in 2005?
what is chris evans net worth 2023?
can you help me find out what's the market cap of cyrx now
which film's visual effects stunned the academy, winning the best visual effects oscar in 1990?
what movie's visual effects were considered the most impressive by the academy in 1995, winning the coveted best visual effects award?
when did drake release his first album?
what was montpellier's score last week?
who are the original members of the band eagles?
can you provide me with the most recent stock price of lion group holding ltd. warrant?
how many jump shots did antonio davis score with in the game on 2000-11-04?
how much employees does walmart have?
who was the 2019 nfl mvp?
which team's home arena has more capacity, the new york knicks or the chicago bulls?
who was the leading member of atlético madrid during their last match in esp-la liga?
what is karyn kusama's birthdate?
what is the market share of microsoft in the cloud computing industry compared to its competitors?
how many total home runs did barry bonds hit in his career?
what was the final win-loss result of cádiz's most recent match in esp-la liga?
how many olympic medals has michael phelps won?
what is the ratio of srm's stock price to its earnings?
which country had the lowest 2022 corporate income tax rate?
who is selena gomez dating?
who hosted the grammy awards in 2019?
how many litres are in 6 gallons?
who has the highest number of directorial credits, eric bress or rupert wyatt?
which movie has a higher number of academy awards, the matrix or star wars: episode iv - a new hope?
who were the opposing players that clermont foot faced off against in their last game in fra-ligue 1?
what are the names of rihanna's albums in chronological order?
what company in the nasdaq brings in the most revenue?
what was the weekly minimum stock price of edesa biotech?
what is the language that the man who lost himself was released in?
who has more titles, serena or venus?
how many companies are in the qqq on their inception date
was toy story the first film to use computer-generated imagery (cgi) to create a fully computer-generated character?
what is the name of the album released by adele in 2011?
when did nightbreed first become available for public viewing?
what show was will smith's start to his career in acting?
who were the first members of the band santana?
who directed swiss army man, can you say?
can you name a leo dicaprio movie where he can go into dreams?
which cars movie had the higher box office gross worldwide, the first or the second?
what are the names of all the movies in the maze runner franchise?
which of nolan greenwald's movies has achieved the highest level of box office success on a global scale?
which five movies helmed by john jeffcoat have been the most successful at the box office, in terms of sales?
which has a greater market capitalization, tron or mgrm?
who was the director for great moments in aviation?
how old is the current president of the us?
i'm interested in finding out the p/e ratio of pkst. can you help me with that?
can you tell me who founded waitrose?
what movie's visual effects were considered the most impressive by the academy in 2006, winning the coveted best visual effects award?
in their final eng-premier league game, did fulham have the home advantage or did they have to play away from home?
which company has a higher return on equity, microsoft or apple?
at what age was michelle trachtenberg in her film debut?
how many bones are in a shark's body?
how many songs are on taylor swift's 1989 (taylor's version) album?
if a company's shareholder equity is $76 million and they have $79 million in liabilities, what is their debt-to-equity ratio?
what country is prince harry's wife from?
who are the last three nba first round draft picks from santa clara university?
which movie won the oscar best visual effects in 2018?
could you provide the earnings per share for grbk?
who is the most popular artist according to spotify, ed sheeran or taylor swift?
how many films are in the hunger games film series?
who directed the original the italian job?
what was the first movie directed by dito montiel?
when was meta's most recent vr headset released?
what weight class is the ufc number one men's pound for pound fighter in?
when was robert zemeckis born?
what was the opening stock price of sats on the tues of the past week?
who has sold more albums worldwide, michael jackson or elvis presley?
how much did toyota invest in tesla stock in may 2010?
on what date did abcb last pay dividends to its shareholders?
at what age was lorne michaels when he produced his first film?
who directed dave, can you tell me their name?
what's the wattage of the energy output from ksey (am)?
in their last appearance in eng-premier league, what was the goal count for brentford?
between the great war and love again, which came out later?
what was the date for the first release of god of thunder?
on what date did infosys limited last closed at a higher price?
which company has a higher dividend yield, microsoft or ea?
what's the language that minority report was released publicly in?
how many jump shots did vlade divac score with in the game on 2000-11-06?
which awards has beyonce won this year?
can you tell me the number of times portland trail blazers came out on top in the 2021 season?
how many days did qwest corporation 6.75% notes due 2057 open higher during the current week?
what is the sales tax in maine?
what's the date of justin bieber's latest release?
what is the most recent date that nml paid dividends to its shareholders?
what was the worldwide box office earnings for the iceman?
what was the total value of all global hedge fund assets under management in 2023?
who has had more platinum albums, ac/dc or metallica?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard hot 100 chart, beyoncé or rihanna?
who made the creative decisions for hell swarm?
which of these actors if younger in age, willow johnson or stephen graham?
how many actors were in the first matrix movie?
which year did netflix last raise their subscription prices?
who won the best actor oscar for their performance in a movie in 2012?
how many islands are there in the philippines
in 2021-12, which teams were able to come out on top against golden state warriors?
what are the 3 most recent awards has steven spielberg won?
what was the first animated movie, full-length, ever released?
what is the vertical distance between usoi dam and tabqa dam in meters?
when did charles jarrott's mother give birth to them?
who was the ceo of apple in 2010?
what is loan deferment?
can you tell me the maximum price that dermtech's stock reached last week?
did wawa dam play a part in 1990's operations?
what is treasury yield?
which day did eqix last distribute dividends to its shareholders?
when was the first screening of is anybody there??
what was henry rollins's age when he/she made an appearance in henry rollins: henry rollins goes to london?
this week, which company has had more shares traded, gty or  cyd?
what are the names of george and amal clooney’s twins?
which film earned acclaim for its visual effects performance at the oscars in 2016?
what was galmed pharmaceuticals's closing price on the day that saw the most trading activity last week?
what is the revenue of bodyarmor's parent company?
which single was more successful, man in the mirror or billie jean?
from 1990 to 2000, how many songs did keith sweat release?
does a rhino or a grizzly bear weigh more?
what was clermont foot's score last week?
what was the total box office earnings for die hard 2 worldwide?
who won more rings, jordan or lebron?
which soccer players have scored at least 50 goals in a single season?
how many times did tom cruise win people's choice awards
what were the total in sales for the worldwide box office for beats?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of maleficent's daughter in the movie "maleficent"?
which song is the eagle's only top-10 hit in the united kingdom?
what's the current stock price-to-earnings ratio of motus gi holdings?
was los esclavos dam utilized in 2005?
how many coachella music festivals has the band radiohead headlined?
how many seasons in his career did tony romo play and start in every game?
what's the price-to-earnings ratio of bhp as of now?
who is the lead singer of the band coldplay?
what album did toby keith release in 1997, which included the songs "dream walkin'" and "tired"?
who was the goalkeeper of the team that won the fifa world cup last year?
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 13 grammy awards and is known for her unique blend of pop, r&b, and electronic music, as well as her energetic live performances?
what was the total amount of venture capital investment in renewable energy startups in the united states during 2022?
who won the world series in 2004?
when did an angel at my table first become available for public viewing?
in 2021-12, which teams were able to take down houston rockets and come out on top?
how many units has the most popular album of ed sheeran been sold?
how many dog life spans are in a single human life span?
which movie has a longer runtime, the lord of the rings: the return of the king or the good, the bad and the ugly?
how deep is the deepest lake of new york?
which director has the most movies under their belt, brian herzlinger or ido fluk?
when forest whitaker won his/her first oscar best actor, which movie won the best picture?
what was the first movie to feature a character with a rare genetic disorder as the main protagonist?
how many games did anthony davis miss in the 2021-2022 regular season?
who was the talented performer who received the best actor oscar in 2019?
on which date did sgml distribute dividends the first time
how much has spotify's user base increased by since 2020 in north america?
do alicia keys and big sean belong to the same record label?
who are the three players with the most home runs in major league baseball history as of 2022?
how many foo fighters music videos has dave grohl directed?
who was the first actor to play the role of a comic book hero in a live-action movie?
what are the total amount of awards that zendaya been nominated for?
what is the language movie  came in originally?
how many times has jennifer lawrence been named as one of forbes' highest-paid actresses?
what newspaper is the sister publication of the new york times?
who played the main characters in ink & steel?
how many albums has the band queen released that have been certified platinum in the united states?
on which date did kth distribute dividends the first time
how many tour de france titles has jonas vingegaard won?
what are all the titles held by kate middleton?
what movie received the best animated feature film award at the oscars in 2007?
what album did eminem release in 2017, which included the songs "untouchable" and "walk on water"?
how many meters taller is vajont dam than grand ethiopian renaissance dam?
which movie was recognized with the best animated feature film oscar in 2008, can you name it?
i need to know the area codes for the atlanta. can you help?
how many tech stocks has higher market cap than nvidia?
in 2022, did brooklyn nets win more games than boston celtics?
which high school musical movie had the most songs?
how many total games did utah jazz win during 2021?
what company in the dow jones is the worst performer today?
on average, how many watts of power is kfyo (am) powered by day?
which player has the most career doubles in mlb history among players who have never won a gold glove award?
what is the total combined area of los angeles county and san diego county?
on 2022-10-12, what was charlotte hornets's scoring total?
how old is dave franco's oldest brother?
what is the total market worth of regn as of today?
what was the initial release date of the book of manning?
which movie received the best documentary feature award at the oscars in 2012?
total dividends of millicom international cellular last year?
who are the three players with the most career goals in men's international soccer?
who are the members of the band the 1975?
can you tell me the latest earnings per share for the aes corporation?
what was the number of shares traded for ovbc on the previous trading day?
which movie received the best documentary feature accolade at the academy awards in 2021?
who are the founders of whitestone cheese?
tell me how old was dua lipa when she released her first song.
which company in the s&p 500 index had the highest number of patents related to renewable energy from 2002 to 2022?
what was mike epps's age at the time of next friday's release?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest ratio of insider ownership?
how many movies are part of the marvel cinematic universe?
how many stanley cup championships did the detroit red wings win in the 1990s?
how many times was barack obama named one of the world's most powerful people by forbes?
what was the price of nke at the end of the trading session on the last trading day?
what songs did the bonnie raitt publish in 2020?
what was alcc's opening stock price on the previous friday?
what is the name of the movie that has been honored with the most academy awards?
does berskhire hathaway have a higher market cap than tesla?
who was in charge of directing 30 rock: a one-time special?
which franchise has more sequels, "star wars" or "harry potter"?
how many grammys has beyoncé won throughout her career?
on which day did the gdev inc. warrant distribute dividends in the last year?
what was the total number of shares traded for special opportunities fund during the first week of february?
how much more did tyler perry make over brad pitt in 2022?
what was gb's closing stock price the previous day?
what song was the first released by juliana pasha?
how long have kelly ripa and mark consuelos been married?
which day this week did nvidia have the highest open price?
how many shares of united rentals stock can i buy with $100?
on which day did luke bryan's release most recently?
tbmc's current market cap.
what was the global box office income for we bought a zoo?
which movie won the oscar best visual effects in 2019?
what was the first movie to feature a person who can manipulate and control the fabric of reality itself?
during 2022-12, how many times did portland trail blazers lose as the home team?
which sport is the most watched in the us, football or basketball?
what's the energy output of ktck (am) powered at night?
who has won more super bowl championships as a player and head coach, tom brady or peyton manning?
who are the current members of the band eagles?
where did brad pitt and angelina jolie get married?
can you tell me the closing stock price of surgery partners on the last day that trading took place?
which company has a higher dividend yield, kraft heinz or cisco?
what are the 3 biggest lakes in new york?
can you tell me the opening stock price of tcbi on the last friday?
as of now, what is the pe ratio of douyu international holdings limited ads?
which player has the most career rebounds in the nba among players who have never been named defensive player of the year?
what is the revenue of frito-lay's parent company?
on their last game day in eng-premier league, what was manchester city's record in terms of wins and losses?
what was the premiere date of titanic: 100 years on?
when was green day's third studio album released?
what is the average gross for the top 3 pixar movies?
what was the date of the first dividend payment made by blmn?
what is the name of the actor who won best actor in 2006?
what was the total value of all initial public offerings (ipos) proceeds in the nasdaq in 2022?
did the united states and norway introduce income taxes at the same time?
what team did magic oppose in their contest on 2022-10-14?
which sport requires more players on the court, basketball or baseball?
how many movies has aziz ansari been in as a voice actor?
which female tennis players have won all four grand slam tournaments in a single calendar year?
what is the market capitalization of eea?
how many times has angelina jolie been named as one of time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world?
what are three tv shows returning for new seasons in 2024?
what's the date of birth of ben wolfinsohn, the celebrated moviemaker?
what was rxrx's price at the end of the trading session yesterday?
how much was the last dividend from investcorp india acquisition corp. warrant?
what was the volume of trades for rcm on the last day?
what was the open price of kvac last friday?
which track runner ran a faster 100m, bolt or lewis?
who is taller, tom cruise or robert downey jr.?
how many times has lady gaga been nominated for an academy award?
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 21 grammy awards and is known for her powerful voice and energetic live performances, including her hit songs "respect" and "chain of fools"?
what's bmn's market price right now?
can you tell me the earnings per share of lgstw?
how many companies have a market capitalization of over $25 billion and have a ratio of renewable energy usage to total energy usage of over 50%?
who is the highest grossing star based on the domestic office from 2021 to 2023?
what is the title that daniel isn't real had originally?
what is the total market worth of indb as of today?
how many concerts has the band queen performed that have been released on dvd?
is paneer drinkable?
what movie was the most profitable that bruce willis was in?
how many grammys has beyoncé been nominated for?
how many movies has jennifer lawrence been in since 2015?
which player has the most career wins in the nfl among quarterbacks who have never been to a super bowl?
which company in the nasdaq 100 index has the second highest return on equity (roe)?
can you compare the market caps of muj and wsbc and tell me which company has a larger one?
what interstates run through iowa?
what percentage of israel adesanya's ufc fights have ended in a knockout?
which new york knicks players went to college at villanova?
what album did evanescence release in 2006, which included the songs "call me when you're sober" and "lose control"?
what was the average annual revenue for music streaming from 2020 to 2022?
who was crowned the best actor at the academy awards in 1993 for their role in a movie?
what was the worldwide box office earnings for price check??
which coach has the most nfl wins?
what was the volume of apple stock on feb 14 2024
in 2022, which team came out on top in terms of total wins, phoenix suns or san antonio spurs?
which actor portrayed james bond in "casino royale"?
what is the most active volcano in the philippines?
on how many days this week did adagene's stock price opened higher?
what's the average board retainer fee for compaines on the s&p 500 index in communication services?
what is the current market cap of nml?
how many companies have a market capitalization of over $35 billion and have a ratio of research and development spending to total revenue of over 15%?
what is the song that dua lipa did with elton john?
which movie series has grossed more at the box office: "jurassic park" or "fast & furious"
what was dana ashbrook's age when he/she made an appearance in the aggression scale?
how much did duet acquisition corp. warrant close yesterday?
what was the total value of all initial public offerings in the americas for the materials sector in 2022?
how many grand slams has novak djokovic won on clay courts?
what was the stock price of nmr at the end of the trading yesterday?
when did julia roberts win her first oscar?
how many successful bands was chris cornell in?
how many billboard music awards has rihanna earned?
what was the last date on which ior paid out dividends?
which current wba world title holders have held their reign for over 2000 days?
what is the original language of what we left behind: looking back at star trek: deep space nine?
what's neu's open price last friday?
what kind of tigers are extinct?
for kings's game on 2023-04-30, who was their competitor?
who are the owners of the nine mile point nuclear generating station?
what was the stock price of opxs at the close of market yesterday?
on which date did opp distribute dividends the first time
what song topped the billboard chart on 2004-02-04?
can you tell me where kanye west is originally from?
what was the overall worldwide box office revenue for invictus?
how much more volume has been traded today in bitcoin than ethereum?
who were the members of the band led zeppelin?
what has been the highest price that tradeweb markets stock traded at today?
on which date did cpbi distribute dividends the first time
can acidophiline be consumed as a beverage?
how many times has jennifer lawrence been nominated for an academy award?
what was the total value of all cryptocurrency assets in circulation as of february 25, 2024?
which actress won an academy award for her role in "black swan"?
who got a role in film first between zendaya and timothée chalamet?
who directed frequency, do you know their name?
what team did le havre go up against in their match last week?
what was the total amount of green bonds issued globally in january 2024?
how much did voyager therapeutics's stock rise in value over the past month?
which country is the third largest electricity producer?
who were the original members of the band the beach boys?
how much does the largest bank in north america have in assets?
when did praise band: the movie originally releasse to the public?
can you tell me the number of goals villarreal scored in their previous game in esp-la liga?
what is the birthplace of the winner of the 48th grammy award (2005) for best new artist?
what movie received the best documentary feature accolade at the academy awards in 2009?
what are the names of all the movies in the marvel cinematic universe (mcu) that have won an academy award?
at what location did the first lord of the rings movie started filming in?
what color was mr. incredibles suit at the beginning of the first incredibles movie?
how many times has jennifer lopez been named as one of forbes' 100 most powerful celebrities?
what is the market cap of tesla when they did their most recent stock split
what's the name of the actress who played the role of rachel green's sister in the tv show "friends"?
how many free throws did paul millsap capitalize in the game on 2017-10-10?
what was the outcome of mallorca's last game in esp-la liga?
what charities or causes does angelina jolie support?
which actor, larry lamb in the hatton garden job or michael jeter in the fisher king, was younger when they filmed their role?
which coast is better for surfing, east coast or west coast?
which company can i buy more shares with 1000 dollars based on yesterday's closing price, rlgt or  rbbn?
how many stanley cups have the boston bruins won?
who has been in the movie industry the longest, nicole kidman or meryl streep?
which company's stock had a higher closing price on the last trading day of 2023, areb or tirx?
which quarter in 2023 had the highest operating income of apple
which company has a higher price-to-book ratio, splunk or mongodb?
how many traps did kevin mccallister have in the first home alone movie?
what's taylor swift's birthday?
what was the date for the first release of deep impact?
how many tour de france titles has lance armstrong won?
who was the talented performer who received the best actor oscar in 2010?
what is the total number of weeks elvis presley's songs spent at number one on the billboard hot 100?
what percentage of pixar 2020 movies came from outside the us and canada?
how many turnovers has d'angelo russell had in the past 5 games?
when did after 7 start performing?
which film's visual artistry earned it the best visual effects award at the oscars in 2019?
what is the profit of bank of america in 2023?
how big is the biggest state in the us?
how many solo albums does kanye have?
i'm looking for the p/e ratio of dks. would you happen to know what it is?
what movie received the best documentary feature accolade at the academy awards in 2016?
how many times has the most popular album of ed sheeran been sold?
which player has the most career home runs in major league baseball among players who have never won a home run title?
based on sales, what are three most popular books in 2023?
which athletes have won the boston marathon at least four times?
what were the top 3 highest grossing movies of 1985?
was oklahoma city thunder's total offensive scoring output in 2022-12 more than houston rockets?
what is the band size of maroon 5?
how many breeds are recognized by the american kennel club?
when did salvador dalí meet their untimely end?
what is the other language between heaven and hell came out in originally?
what was the date twists in the cord (or) … other extensions of the telephone was released for public view?
what are the countries that are located in southern africa.
who are the founders of starbucks?
who has been in more tv shows, emma stone or jennifer lawrence?
what's the trading volume of edu on the last trading day?
which company can i buy more shares with 1000 dollars based on yesterday's closing price, nim or  evv?
how many emmy awards has julia louis-dreyfus won for her role as selina meyer in the tv show "veep"?
who has won more olympic gold medals in gymnastics events, aly raisman or mckayla maroney?
how many free throws did timofey mozgov get score in game on 2014-10-21?
who are the top 3 countries with gold medals in the olympics?
what was the date virgin territory was released for public view?
which teams have won the nba championship at least five times?
what are the 5 latest presidents of america, in reverse chronological order?
what was the worldwide box office haul for get out?
what was the final score of grizzlies's game on 2023-04-28?
which fighter has the most career ufc wins but has never been a champion?
what is the name used to refer to mount spurr in tanaina?
where was buttermilk koldskål first developed?
which company's stock price is higher at opening today, khc or  zm?
who directed michael jackson: the life of an icon, can you tell me their name?
how many songs are in adele's "21"?
who portrayed the younger character, gillian lynne in phantom of the opera: behind the mask or brian blessed in prisoner of honor?
on the last trading day, what were the daily low and high of nuw?
how many regular season games are left for the boston bruins?
when did robert vince first come into the world?
how many times has jennifer lawrence been named as one of the highest-paid actresses in the world by forbes?
what was the date of liverpool's final game in eng-premier league?
what's the name of the movie that received the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 2000?
what country are pandas native to?
which movie has a higher number of successful movie franchises, marvel cinematic universe or harry potter?
who has been in more stage productions, idris elba or denzel washington?
who was the director of the movie snow on tha bluff?
what label is taylor swift signed to?
which film's visual effects stunned the academy, winning the best visual effects oscar in 2014?
which country is the second largest silicon producer?
which movie won the oscar best visual effects in 2001?
what are the years that each charlie and the chocolate factory movie came out?
what are the names of all of kim kardashian spouses?
what is the stock price of the company that currently has a higher market cap than apple?
how many free throw points did kristaps porzingis score in the game on 2022-09-30?
how many women billionaires are there in the united states as of 2023?
what was the album released by the duo that skrillex formed with diplo?
