which player has the most career assists in the nba among players who have never been named to an all-star game?
what is the largest animal found in europe?
which movie won the academy award for best picture in 2018, categorized under the fantasy genre?
when did one for all start performing together?
what are the top 3 tech stocks that rise in value in january 2024
what's the usa's top song on apple music at the moment?
how many singers do westlife have?
which musical tempos are people streaming the most, hip-hop or country songs?
how many instagram followers do the top three most followed footballers have on average?
for the fall of saigon, can you tell me who was the main director?
when was the oldest company in the dow jones added to the index?
how many animated movies has reese witherspoon been in?
did sweet bird of youth: chasing time have another title beforehand?
what is the largest lake in the us?
is there an original language that the smurfs 2 came out in, and what was it?
how much is income tax in california?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard dance/electronic songs chart, calvin harris or the chainsmokers?
do you know when did chris brown release song or album the last time?
what was the date of the last time tottenham competed in eng-premier league?
who has won more atp singles titles, roger federer or rafael nadal?
what country does elvis presley come from?
who was responsible for initiating the construction of the badshahi mosque?
who did the kansas city chiefs beat in the 2023-2024 playoffs?
how many music videos has the band radiohead released?
how many women's grand slams since 2022 have been won by someone other than iga, sabalenka, or rybakina?
who was max verstappen's teammate in 2020?
what is a hedge fund?
what are the names of all the movies in the the godfather franchise?
can you tell me the birth date of mark hudson?
how many premier league titles have chelsea won?
how did the nasdaq composite index perform the year of the covid crash?
who is the publisher of just dance 2024 edition?
what movies did emilia clarke play in last 5 years
top 3 us states with the most billionaires.
what is the earnings per share of swssu?
can you tell me the date amy fisher: my story was first screened for the public?
who has won more nba finals mvp awards, michael jordan or larry bird?
what album did bad bunny release in 2022, which included the songs "moscow mule" and "party"?
what is the ex-dividend date of microsoft in the 1st qtr of 2024
in 2022-01, what was the total point haul for new orleans pelicans?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest number of employees?
what was the first movie to feature a person who can control the weather?
what was cj stroud's touchdown to interception ratio in his rookie season?
what was the open price of krtx on last monday?
who are the corportate investors of openai?
who has more followers? donald trump or joe biden
who is the starting small forward for the team that is currently number one in the nba's eastern conference?
was simon rattle involved in the production of any movies that were released between 2018 and 2003?
what's the current total market cap of str's shares?
who directed the movie "jurassic park"?
who wrote the theme song for the movie ghostbusters (1984)?
when was the initial launch of rainway?
who has had a longer career in music, the beattles or elvis presley?
what was dbvt's stock price at the end of the last trading session?
what was the budget for the second bourne film?
which company has higher p/e ratio, tdcx or  good?
which artist has been performing for longer, shakira or machine gun kelly?
who is older, will farrell or mark wahlberg?
give at least 4 etf providers that has under 50 funds
which male tennis players have won all four of the grand slam tournaments at least once?
who was the coach of the team that won the nba championship last season?
how many english titles have manchester city won?
what's the total market worth of wsbc as of now?
what is the term for the highest mountain on each continent
what's the temperature outside in celsius if it's 66 degrees f?
how many years older is khloé kardashian compared to her youngest sister?
was the 5th quarter the original name of that movie?
what is the currency used in jordan?
at the oscars, who won best actor in 2018?
how many world cup titles has the argentina national soccer team won?
what's the total number of floors in burj khalifa, including all floors above and below ground, can you tell me that?
what was the lowest point that apx acquisition corp. i's stock price fell to during the previous month?
which date did one direction release their first album?
can you identify who won the best actor award in 1997?
can you name the film that took home the academy award for best animated feature film in 2014?
in 2022, which team emerged as the winner more often: denver nuggets or atlanta hawks?
which teams reached the final four in 2023?
what was the price of upst at the close of trading on the previous day?
what percentage of the american equity market by capitalization does the s&p 500 index include?
which company have larger market cap, tirx or gdo?
what team has been to the super bowl the most in the ninetys era?
what was the outcome of marseille's last match in fra-ligue 1? did they win or lose?
what was the average daily high of oblg this week?
which male boxers have retired undefeated?
during the 2023-01 season, did miami heat end up scoring more points than oklahoma city thunder did?
what was the volume of ocgn on the first trading day of january 2024?
how many members were there in the beatles?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard dance club songs chart, madonna or lady gaga?
who are the top three artists with the most monthly listeners on spotify currently?
where is this call coming from if the zip code is 213?
which company in the s&p 500 index has more than 20 board of directors meetings per year?
how many times has taylor swift won the grammy award for album of the year?
which player has the most career home runs in mlb history among players who have never won a silver slugger award?
can you tell me lottery.com's open price for today?
who was the first actress and what year to play the role of catwoman in a live-action movie?
who was the player who won the most titles in the wta last year?
what price did the encore wire corporation open today?
how many games behind from the last playoff spot are the jazz?
what is a roth ira?
what was the overall score of dallas mavericks during 2022-01?
who made the most money as spider man,tobey maguire or tom holland
on which days in the first week of january 2024 did ntrb's stock price close higher?
how many times has jennifer lopez been named as one of time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world?
in 2002, which actor's performance in a movie earned them the coveted best actor oscar?
how many times in a year does apple pay dividend to its investors?
which has more protein, chicken or beef?
can you tell me the number of songs that kanye west put out in 2023?
who won academy award best actress in 2010?
do figs grow on trees or bushes?
in 1994, which alternative rock band released their breakthrough album "dookie,"?
how much have digital album sales decreased in the us from 2013 to 2019?
what is the largest country that is bordered by the pacific ocean?
what team will celta vigo go head-to-head against in esp-la liga in their next league fixture?
what was the stock price of glpi at the close yesterday?
what's the cooling source of the koeberg nuclear power station?
can you name the teams that were victorious against miami heat during 2021-12?
what was the venue of paris s-g's most recent fra-ligue 1 game? was it home or away?
is there an original title before gospel hill?
which date saw the final game of crystal palace in eng-premier league?
who are zoe kravitz's parents?
in what language was dead meat released?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the lowest debt-to-equity ratio?
what is the symbol of the constellation that includes sirius?
what is the trading volume of zebra technologies corporation on wed?
what is the first song on drake's second album?
which etf had a higher number of shares traded on the day before yesterday, clsk or bksy?
who released more songs, the beatles or justin timberlake?
who has more subscribers on youtube, mr. beast or pewdiepie?
can you tell me the original language of jane austen's mafia!?
what was the stock price of fexdr at the close of trading yesterday?
what movies did craig robinson appear in for 2013?
what is the age difference between angelina jolie and billy bob thornton?
list the top 3 highest earning star wars movies.
can you give me an update on the pe ratio of clorox company?
in the past 4 years for apple as a company, which year had the highest gross profit?
which law school has a longer history, monterey college of law or san joaquin college of law?
who has won more olympic gold medals in swimming, michael phelps or katie ledecky?
how many companies have a market capitalization of over $45 billion and have a high ratio of dividend payout to earnings per share?
which company's stock has been traded more frequently this week, tris or  cycc?
are you able to say the movie that won the award for the best documentary feature film in 2012?
which team did oklahoma city thunder take on in their matchup on 2022-10-13?
how many professional teams are based in los angeles?
which onewrote go crazy?
which movie had the higher box office earnings, blade runner 2049 or point break?
what was emd's open stock price last friday?
who is the author of little darla has a treat for you, volume 14: winter 2000?
how many minarets does imam reza shrine have?
what's the total market worth of buru as of now?
for song of hiawatha, what was the original language used?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of the girl character in the movie "the matrix"?
who were the members of the band the cure during their "disintegration" era?
on what date did imppp start distributing dividends to its investors?
how many actors had roles in both life stinks and city slickers?
does microsoft have higher opening stock price today or yesterday?
how many times has taylor swift won a grammy award for song of the year?
did gretsky or ovechkin have more hockey goals?
how many tickets were sold for the "transformers" movie?
is memory management in rust (programming language) handled through garbage collection?
how many times has martin scorsese been nominated for the academy award for best director?
how many grammy awards were won by the song plan b until 62nd grammy (2019)?
which movie has a higher rotten tomatoes score, the matrix or the silence of the lambs?
what's the eps of dks?
what was the distance traveled if it went at a speed of 87 miles per hour in 30 minutes?
in 2021, which movie was recognized as the best documentary feature at the oscars?
for best actor award, in 2002 who received this?
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 11 grammy awards and is known for her unique voice and poignant lyrics, including her hit songs "both sides now" and "big yellow taxi"?
who has more kids, kim kardashian or khloe kardashian?
who is the last emperor of the qara khitai?
who has won more super bowl titles, patrick mahomes or tom brady?
what are the major sanctioning bodies in professional boxing?
how many actors did it take to star in both heavy metal: louder than life and metallica: cunning stunts?
would you happen to know the price-to-earnings ratio for psf?
how many family movies were there that came out in 1994?
what was the volume of trading for colm on the most recent day that the market was open for trading?
what is the tallest skyscraper in the uk?
when did backstreet boys begin performance?
what were the box office numbers for martin scorsese's most recent movie?
can you tell me the name of the film that won the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 1990?
who is the nba's current scoring leader?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard adult contemporary chart, celine dion or the carpenters?
what is the average gross for dreamworks movies released in 2022?
which band released the album "dark side of the moon" in the 1970s?
how many football players from alabama were drafted in 2022?
in their most recent match in fra-ligue 1, how did strasbourg fare in terms of victories and defeats?
what was yesterdday's closing price of deo?
during 2015, which movie was awarded the oscar for its visual effects?
what is the total number of world cup victories for the brazilian national football (soccer) team?
in terms of oscars, which movie came out on top, batman or the iron lady?
which country currently has the highest stock market, usa or japan?
when will nice next take to the field in fra-ligue 1?
how many points did heat score in their contest on 2023-06-12?
why did jason momoa leave aquaman
how many olympic gold medals does usain bolt hold across his career in sprinting events?
how many songs has the band the beatles released that have been recorded at abbey road studios?
if i were to compare the brightness of hd 219134 and nu2 lupi, which star would come out on top?
spark i acquisition corp. unit's maximum price last week?
what was the name of the 1999 film that kirsten storms starred in?
which female boxers have retired undefeated with at least 20 wins?
who has the most career f1 starts among drivers that have never won a race?
tell me the name of the movie that won the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 2011?
what was ubsi's stock price at the close of trading yesterday?
who is the first actress to play the bond girl?
how long is the longest route in the us?
what is the price of microsoft when they ipo?
what was edbl's closing stock price on the most recent friday?
who are the 3 main characters of oppenheimer?
tell me who are in the rolling stones?
how many actors had roles in both gifted hands: the ben carson story and bone tomahawk?
who won the nobel prize in physics in 2022 from usa
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 1 grammy award and is known for her unique blend of folk, rock, and pop music, including her hit songs "baby one more time" and "oops!... i did it again"?
how many songs has bob dylan written?
which constellation includes iota pegasi? what is its symbol?
what team did michael jordan play baseball for?
what are the names of the family members in the simpsons?
how many grammy awards has adele won for her album "21"?
how many super bowl titles have the cowboys won?
what was the date of the first dividend payout for gold?
who ordered the building of the blue mosque, tabriz?
what is denis villeneuve's most monetarily successful film?
what was the stock price of four leaf acquisition corporation at the close of the last month?
how many regional confederations does fédération internationale de volleyball have?
can you provide me with the most recent stock price of lemaitre vascular?
can you tell me the date of birth of harold ramis, the renowned moviemaker?
can you tell me the trading volume of lkq on the last day of trading?
what was the opening price of microsoft (msft) on february 09, 2024?
what are the names of all the movies in the shrek franchise?
what companies that have reached $1 trillion market cap were founded after 2000?
which athletes have won olympic gold or silver medals in both the summer and winter games?
how long would it take for five migrations of lesser striped swallows?
can you tell me the date that randall wallace was born?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard alternative songs chart, foo fighters or red hot chili peppers?
when was the last time the yankees won the world series?
can you tell me the date that tom tykwer was born?
what is the latest stock price of gdtc that's available today?
can you tell me the p/e ratio of wldsw?
i'm curious, how many towering minarets does charminar have?
why did miley cyrus decide to shoot flower song in house
who is the youngest player in the san antonio spurs?
can you tell me the opposing side for pacers on 2022-10-14?
how many people watched the last episode of friends?
show me the founding members of the rolling stones
what was the price of nouveau monde graphite's stock when the market closed on the last trading day?
what's the total market worth of adsk as of now?
what is total amount of income tax to pay for single filer with taxable income of $176,832 in 2023?
in 2022-12, which teams were able to defeat miami heat in their head-to-head matchups?
what company in the dow jones has the highest per-share price?
which export product was traded more in 2015, cars or phone system devices?
what is the latest stock price of rcm today?
who are the main pitchers in the starting rotation for the chicago cubs in the current mlb season?
how many children does rihanna have?
why did joe biden decide to run for president
who was the lead actor in stranger things in 2024?
which movie has a higher number of oscar nominations for best visual effects, inception or interstellar?
which nba team won the finals in 2015?
list the names of angelina jolie's kids?
which company is more actively traded this week, siri or  aca?
how many points behind are arsenal from the league leader?
what was the average amount spent by amazon on their three largest acquisitions to date?
what were all the songs that ariana grande released in 2020?
in 2001, who was praised for best actor at the oscars?
what is a prime number?
how many points did hakeem olajuwon get for jump shots in the game on 2000-11-09?
what was gpi's closing stock price on the last day?
how many receiving yards did christian mccaffrey average per game in 2023?
what's the profit percentage on a stock i bought for $322 and sold for $698?
which player has the most career assists in the nhl among players who have never won a scoring title?
what was the total value of all corporate bonds issued in the united states as of august 2020?
who were the founding members of the band the who?
on what basis did the lead designer of yorick (programming language) receive his ph.d.?
what is the current average volume of amazon as of march 8th, 2024?
where does amen thompson's brother play?
when did the most expensive action movie come out?
who are the members of the band the black keys?
what was the goal total for clermont foot in their last match in fra-ligue 1?
who did heat play in their game on 2023-06-12?
what is currently the world’s leading finance news website?
which company have larger market cap, cmt or adea?
what are johnny cash's top 3 selling albums?
what was the minimum stock price of aurora mobile limited over the past month?
in 2015, which movie was distinguished for its visual effects at the oscars?
who has the most #1 albums on billboard 200, taylor swift or jay-z?
what was the goal total for rennes in their last match in fra-ligue 1?
what companies has ryan reynolds invested into in 2023?
in 2015, which actor's outstanding performance earned them the coveted best actor oscar?
what was the closing price of netflix (nflx) on february 09, 2024?
what is an roi?
how much money did clueless make at the global box office?
what are the 4 smallest cities in the usa?
who has a larger social media following, selena gomez or kylie jenner?
how many movies did columbia pictures release between 2010 to 2019?
as the highest stock price, how much does amazon stock cost?
how many world series have the chicago white sox won?
during the 2002 academy awards, which movie received the award for the best documentary feature film?
who has appeared in more movies, samuel l. jackson or morgan freeman?
can you tell me what doctor sleep title was originally supposed to be?
how many people live in the smallest state in the us by area?
total dividends of andersons last year?
on what date did wedding of dreams first hit the big screen?
what is the weekly low of gyrodyne llc stock
who is the chair of the federal reserve?
what are leonardo dicaprio's last three movies??
as of now, what is svmhw's stock price?
do you know who the director of your sister's sister is?
can you tell me the current stock price of transportadora de gas del sur sa tgs?
what's the current stock price of guardforce ai co. limited warrant?
for this week, what was the average daily maximum stock price of ccep?
how many siblings does celine dion have?
who is lined up to face nantes in their next game in fra-ligue 1?
how many members do backstreet boys have?
can you tell me the date goldwyn: the man and his movies was first screened for the public?
how many members are part of red hot chili pepper?
how many movies have been filmed in a single continuous take?
who was the coach for the seattle seahawks?
which year did taylor swift release her first album?
which movie had the larger budget, jurassic park or star wars: episode iv - a new hope?
on what date did pmcb start distributing dividends?
which actress has more movie roles: meryl streep or angelina jolie?
how many albums has lady gaga released?
can you list the top five movies directed by russell leven that have generated the most revenue at the box office?
who won the women's ballon d'or in 2023?
which college did denzel washington attend?
on a worldwide scale, what did abscond earn in box office sales?
is algae the original title of the movie?
what's the area of this room that's 17 meters by 66 meters?
which university has more students, rutgers or ohio state?
what is the most popular song on billboard in 2024-02-28?
did tesla's stock perform better than nvidia's stock today?
which city did chris hemsworth grow up?
what's the closing stock price of hooker furnishings corporation on the last trading day?
who sang the hit song "thriller"?
does ml (programming language) have a garbage collection mechanism?
what is the name of taylor swift's debut album released in the 2000s?
what is the smallest island of hawaii?
how many streams on average for the top two streamed artic monkeys songs on spotify?
what was cslm's closing stock price the previous day?
who played the role of edward scissorhands in the movie of the same name?
which movie has a higher number of oscar nominations for acting, 12 years a slave or the social network?
what was the total amount of assets under management (aum) by hedge funds in the united states as of november 2017?
what was the last time afb distributed dividends to shareholders?
who who won the nobel prize in literature in 2016?
what was the minimum stock price of farmer brothers company that was observed during the last trading day?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard dance/mix show airplay chart, illenium or rihanna?
how many academy awards has robert downey jr. been nominated for?
how many tickets were sold for the barbie movie?
who's won more singles titles this year, iga swiatek or elena rybakina?
what are all the movies kenny ortega directed?
what was the closing price of atxg yesterday?
who founded rare beauty in 2019?
is university of georgia school of law private or public?
how many teams make up the nfl?
what is taylor swift newest song/album?
in 1990 who received the best actor oscar for their outstanding performance in a movie?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest percentage of green energy usage?
in 2008, which movie won the best visual effects category at the academy awards?
what instruments does ringo starr play in the beatles?
in 2005, who was praised for best actor at the oscars?
how many different record labels has eminem been signed for?
how many cups of water does this 24 ounce bottle hold?
which dune movie has better music, 1984 or 2021?
what was the minimum stock price of crescent capital bdc over the past month?
how many states exist in the us?
which sports federation has fewer members, international street and ball hockey federation or renju international federation?
who are the highest paid players for fc barcelona?
on 2023-04-22, nets played against which team?
in 1998, which movie was distinguished for its visual effects at the oscars?
which university has a higher acceptance rate, harvard or stanford?
which company in the russell 2000 index has the highest dividend yield?
how many movies did scott bakula and ryan edward hill play together?
has joel embiid ever played in all regular season games of any season?
in 2009, which movie was awarded the best documentary feature honor at the oscars?
what was the dividend distribution frequency for utah medical products in the year 2023?
who is the owner of the san francisco 49ers?
which artist has the most spotify plays, the weeknd or diplo?
which female tennis players have won the grand slam singles title in all four categories (australian open, french open, wimbledon, and us open) at least twice?
what was the closing price of landp yesterday?
who is headlining the coachella music festival this year?
how does the performance of gold compare to that of silver over the past year?
kendrick lamar won a pulitzer prize in 2018. which 2017 album of his won this award?
how much box office sale did kicked in the head have worldwide?
could you tell me which company has a higher market cap, expo or nxst?
can you tell me the birthdate of the acclaimed filmmaker john dorsey?
which company has a higher operating margin, apple or microsoft?
can you tell me who was the captain of lyon in their recent match in fra-ligue 1?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest debt-to-equity ratio?
my chemical romance members
how much did each toy story movie gross on average?
on the last day of the previous month, what was the closing stock price of mettler-toledo international?
was the song winter wonderland released prior to 2018?
what percentage of the american equity market by capitalization does the s&p 500 index include?
what was ndaq's stock price at closing time on the last trading day?
in 1994, which movie's visual effects were considered the most impressive by the academy, winning the coveted best visual effects award?
what are the different industry groups within the information technology sector?
how many grammys did beyoncé win at the 52nd annual grammy awards?
how many movies did zak santiago and brenda crichlow play together?
what's the average following of the top 3 most followed musicians on x as of jan 2024?
what is the name of the robot in the movie "wall-e"?
which company in the dow jones has performed the worst in the past 6 months?
what was the goal total for cádiz in their last appearance in esp-la liga?
which wta player had a higher singles ranking to end last year, madison keys or daria kasatkina?
which movie has a higher budget, poor things or bob marley one love?
which movie has a higher number of original songs, grease or la la land?
what was the open price of sabsw on the most recent friday?
what are michelle yeoh's top 3 rotten tomatoes rated movies?
which movie has a longer runtime, the lord of the rings: the return of the king or ben-hur?
why did khloe throw water on scott
can you tell me the total box office sales worldwide for rough night?
which teams have won against phoenix suns during 2022-12?
on what date was purple violets initially released?
what was the trading volume of glst on the first trading day of 2024?
what was abts's stock price at the end of the trading day yesterday?
which film had the bigger budget, inside out or finding dory?
who is the publisher of the wreck (video game)?
is there an original language that queen of earth came out in, and what was it?
how many tracks are in drake's last album?
which company has a higher dividend yield, ford or pfizer?
who is currently ranked as the number one mens tennis player in the world?
which movie has a higher number of oscar nominations for best picture, 12 angry men or schindler's list?
can you list tom hanks' five best rated films on rotten tomatoes?
what documentary film won the best feature award at the oscars in 1994?
what is the name of travis scott's latest album?
is tales from the crypt: demon knight the original title of that cinema?
can you give me the latest p/e ratio for clco?
are nba games longer than ncaa basketball games?
who is the oldest active player in the nba?
with $1000 at yesterday's closing price, which company can i purchase more shares of, dhcni or  ibkr?
on what date did aston villa play their last match in eng-premier league?
what did matthew perry say about  family in his book
which artist has more number one singles in the uk, calvin harris or abba?
how many points did michael ruffin score for free throws in the game on 2000-11-11?
what's the market cap of crkn?
which boxers have won world titles in at least seven different weight classes?
what is the ratio of gb's earnings to its shares?
which stock currently has a higher average volume as of feb 15 2024? microsoft or apple
how many total layoffs in 2023?
how many films were nominated for best picture at the 2022 academy awards?
how many times has taylor swift won the grammy award for best music video?
how many goldfish should i keep in an aquarium at once?
what's auph's earnings per share?
how many songs were released by the artist who received best new artist in 57th grammy (2014)?
who were the members of the band green day?
which was the largest city in washington state in 2006?
what is the total market value of stk's outstanding shares?
how many games did new york knicks win in the 2021 season?
in 2011, which movie was awarded the best documentary feature honor at the oscars?
yesterday, what was the lowest stock price of signet jewelers limited?
what are the last three albums released by shania twain?
how many times has giorgia meloni been named as one of the most powerful women in the world by forbes?
what's the most recent album from the puerto rican artist that's been in wwe?
if i were to visit the capital of hawaii, how high up would i be?
which elementary school did scarlett johansson attend?"
is the samsung galaxy s24 or the samsung galaxy z flip 5 newer?
i'm looking for the p/e ratio of ntr. can you provide that information?
can you tell me the days in q4 2023 when the stock price of shc closed lower?
how many tour de france titles has chris froome won?
which animal has a longer gestation period, whale or giraffe?
how many marriages does president barack obama have?
what's the eps of mmlp?
how many sales were made by undisputed iii: redemption at the box office across the globe?
at what time did the switch first premiere in theaters?
who has more spotify plays, drake or taylor swift?
can you tell me the latest film that denis villeneuve has been involved in?
can you tell me the opening stock price of impinj for today?
how many collaborations has the rapper kendrick lamar had with other artists that have been certified platinum by the riaa?
what are the different sectors of the european market?
which movie won the academy award for best film in 2020?
how many fifa world cup titles have germany won?
what was the first movie to feature a person who can control and manipulate the behavior of fire?
what team will everton go head-to-head against in eng-premier league in their next league match?
how many daughters do ryan reynolds and blake have?
what is the closing price of apple on the day the ipo?
what are the names of all the movies in the fast and furious franchise?
what was the opening price of nike stock in january last year?
how many companies have a market capitalization of over $10 billion and have a ratio of renewable energy use to total energy consumption of over 50%?
how much will the starting quarterback of the cowboys earn this year?
what other songs did the artist release in the same year as save me?
i'm curious to know, which of the two stars, procyon or arcturus, is the brighter object in the sky?
how many movies did michael bay direct?
what was the goal tally for metz in their most recent game in fra-ligue 1?
in the 2021 season, which team had more success in terms of total victories, toronto raptors or phoenix suns?
who performed in the super bowl halftime show in 2012?
which team ended the last epl season with more points, manchester united or tottenham?
is university of north texas at dallas college of law private or public?
who are the top four goalscorers in laliga history?
how many points did deandre jordan score for free throws in the game on 2013-10-19?
what is the tallest building in new york city?
how many races did max verstappen win in 2023?
how many times has chris hemsworth appeared in a tv show?
who has had more top 40 hits on the us billboard hot 100 chart, lil wayne or taylor swift?
how many automaker companies has over 300billion market cap
what was the number of shares that changed hands for ccldp on the last trading day?
what nfl team has deion sanders been on?
how many times has frank capra won the academy award for best director?
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 4 grammy awards and is known for her soulful voice and genre-bending music, which blends elements of r&b, rock, and hip-hop?
what percent of last season's f1 races were won by max verstappen?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard r&b/hip-hop chart, drake or kendrick lamar?
what's khc's price today?
what is the price-to-earnings ratio of pmtu
in 2020, who was praised for best actor at the oscars?
what was the most popular dog breed in 2005?
what is the count of rings steve kerr has won playing basketball?
for polar, what was the original language used?
on which movie did the academy bestow the most awards?
what are the names of all the movies in the bourne franchise?
what's the most recent album from the founder of ysl records?
which law school, albany law school or university of miami school of law, has a more extensive historical record?
what was the average daily high of ficvu this week?
who are the musical masterminds behind the 1980 maze game that's been making waves in the gaming community, pac-man?
could you provide me with the price-to-earnings ratio of gps?
can you tell me the name of the first song that lady gaga released?
do you know which film won the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 2008?
in 2004, which animated film was recognized with the best animated feature film oscar?
how many people are in city high?
how many companies are in the invesco qqq trust
how many tours has beyoncé gone on by 2006?
which movie has more sequels, the terminator or the fast and the furious?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of a queen in the third season of the tv show "the crown"?
what is the name of the qing dynasty's final ruler?
what are the main sections on a balance sheet?
who is older, justin bieber or hailey bieber?
do you know who directed black plague?
which basketball team came out on top in terms of total victories in 2022, miami heat or chicago bulls?
is leprechaun: back 2 tha hood how that movie was officially named at first?
what's the current stock price of american rebel holdings?
who won the super bowl in 2019?
what is the total market capitalization of sprc?
can you give me an update on agrify's earnings per share?
how many live action disney movies are there?
how many children does tom hanks have with his wife, rita wilson?
what nasdaq 100 company had the biggest percentage change today?
how many countries was "inception" filmed in?
which days in the last 12 months saw the distribution of dividends by fax?
what's the current stock price of cazoo group ltd ordinary shares?
how many grand slam titles has andy murray won?
how many premium subscribers did spotify gain or lose from the beginning to end of the fiscal year 2022?
who held the position of vice president during the presidency of jimmy carter?
how many grammy wins does beyoncé have in total?
which company in the djia has the highest return on assets (roa)?
who are the biggest investors in amazon?
what was the total amount of dividends paid out by regency centers in the last year?
can you tell me the name of the leading lady who starred in the film that won the best picture award at the 2007 oscars?
how many grand slam titles have roger federer and rafael nadal won combined?
what's the name of the actress who played the lead female character in the tv show "the big bang theory"?
when did indb last pay out dividends?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard r&b/hip-hop songs chart, janet jackson or aretha franklin?
what's the current stock price of tortoise midstream energy fund?
what teams are part of group c in the 2023-24 uefa champions league?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard adult contemporary chart, adele or ed sheeran?
what are the names of all the movies in the divergent franchise?
how many times has ariana grande been nominated for the american music award for artist of the year?
what percentage of the dow jones are financial services companies?
can you tell me what the lodger title was originally supposed to be?
can you tell me who directed 24: redemption?
what are justin timberlake's three most recent releases?
what was the total value of all green bonds issued in the global market in 2022?
in 2022, which basketball team had more overall wins, new york knicks or dallas mavericks?
how many world series titles have the san francisco giants won?
when did nice last take the field in fra-ligue 1?
who was the first actress to play the role of a female action hero in a live-action movie?
which player has the most career assists in the nba among players who have never won an assist title?
what is the name of the main character in the "rocky" film series?
how many sales were made by sleep dealer at the box office across the globe?
what are three states of matter?
what is the name of the bad bunny album released before nadie sabe lo que va a pasar mañana?
which movie has a higher number of academy award nominations for best director, the shawshank redemption or the godfather?
can you tell me the current stock price of wtmar?
in 1993, which movie was awarded the best documentary feature honor at the oscars?
what iconic band released "stairway to heaven" in 1971?
which team just won the fifa world cup?
what was the average daily high of nbbk this week?
on the previous day, what was the closing stock price of phun?
what was the singer of the song that won song of the year in the 59th grammy (2016)?
what was the price of grts stock when the market opened on last friday?
can you list isla fisher's kids?
in 2012, which animated film was recognized with the best animated feature film oscar?
what film marked angelina jolie's directorial debut?
for the film the sum of all fears, what were the total box office sales on a worldwide scale?
which is riskier, stocks or bonds?
in the world of cinema, who reigns supreme with the most academy awards, richard king or alexandre desplat?
what's the schedule looking like for west ham's next game in eng-premier league?
who has won more super bowl championships, tom brady or peyton manning?
was the ten commandments number 6: thou shalt not commit adultery the movie's original name?
what teams made the nfl playoffs this year?
how old is apple since their ipo when they released their first phone product
what was wnw's stock price at closing time yesterday?
can you tell me who directed guns n' roses - live in paris?
who was head coach of the lakers in kobe bryant's rookie year?
how many times has angela merkel been named as one of the most influential people in the world by time magazine?
what's the cooling source of the chernobyl nuclear power plant?
how long did world war ii last?
what's the trading volume of htcr on the last trading day?
is alvin and the chipmunks: the squeakquel the original title of that cinema?
what was the closing stock price of bepc the previous day?
is klaus the initial name this movie had?
who is nicki minaj's latest diss track about?
is chris evans most famouse for iron man role?
what is the total market capitalization of all companies listed on the s&p 500?
who was the comeback player of the year in the nfl?
how old is apple since the company ipo when they release their most latest released product in 2024
can you provide me with the p/e ratio of uzf?
what language is the music never stopped originally in?
how many championships has lewis hamilton won with mercedes?
on what date did mapsw begin distributing dividends to its investors?
what is the latest dividend of emcore corporation?
what are not displayed at louvre, an old man and his grandson, washington crossing the delaware or the coronation of napoleon?
how many albums has the band radiohead released that have reached number one on the uk albums chart?
on 2023-04-25, what was timberwolves's scoring output?
what energy stocks has higher market cap than shell company in the whole world
how big do corgis get?
who was the leader for the team of toulouse in their last fra-ligue 1 game?
how many stock exchanges are operated by nasdaq, inc?
during 2001, which movie received the oscar for best visual effects?
was the empty man the title that the filmmakers originally chose for the film?
how many common stocks does the s&p 500 index comprise?
who has won more nba finals mvp awards, tim duncan or kareem abdul-jabbar?
which movie was released first, the wizard of oz or the lion king?
what are the top 3 countries with the largest feldspar production?
what was the total value of all venture capital investments in the technology sector in 2022?
how many losses in total as home team did indiana pacers have in 2023-01?
what was the weekly low stock price of inflection point acquisition corp. ii unit in the most recent week?
who was hawks's opponent on 2023-04-27?
do you know the name of the director who directed the pact ii?
who played the role of hermione granger in the "harry potter" film series?
which us company has the higher revenue, amazon or apple?
how old was leonardo dicaprio when he won best actor award?
i'm looking for the p/e ratio of gne. would you happen to know what it is?
for the god makers ii, what was the original language used?
who did crystal palace play against in their most recent league game?
how many minarets does al-muhdhar mosque have?
who was the leader for the brest in their last fra-ligue 1 game?
who was the director of the movie that won the most academy awards in a single year?
who are the members of the band the strokes?
who is the oldest active player in the nba?
what's the price-to-earnings ratio of moln as of now?
how many super bowl mvp awards has tom brady won?
what year was the first "toy story" film released?
can you tell me the name of the actress who starred in the film that won the best picture oscar in 2018?
how many american players ranked are in the top ten of the wta?
what was the earliest known museum?
which of the two companies, bksy or cvcy, has a higher market capitalization?
what 2010 film was directed by christopher nolan?
what are meta's product segments?
what is the total number of dividends that tnl has paid out in 2023?
who is on the board of openai?
does manning or brady have more touchdowns?
can you tell me when lloyd a. simandl entered this world as a baby?
in 2012, who was praised for best actor at the oscars?
in 2022, which basketball team had more overall victories, san antonio spurs or minnesota timberwolves?
what was the time gap of the release dates of matrix 1 and matrix 2 movies?
do you know which movie won the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 2004?
who is the host of jeopardy?
at the time gary oldman won their first best actor oscar, which movie was honored with the best picture award?
how many history movies were released during the year 2004?
who is known as the "king of pop"?
what is the total amount of losses that utah jazz have as home team during 2022-12?
are megan thee stallion's song "hiss" and nicki minaj's song "big foot" both on the billboard top 100 this week?
when did the first bank of the united states go defunct?
who played a key role in the building of the jama masjid, delhi?
on what date did the good son first hit the big screen?
what was the name of the movie that won the most academy awards in a single year, including best picture, best director, and best actor?
which player has the most career wta titles among players who have never won a us open title?
what are top 3 most active stocks today?
how many different sub-breeds does the pinscher have?
what are some ways to cheat on an exam without getting caught?
what is a movie to feature a person who can shape-shift into any animal they desire?
why does tom hanks play so many parts in polar express?
what was the price of inta at the end of the day yesterday?
how many marriages has president james monroe had in the past?
what was the high price of tesla on feb 14 2024
what is the name of the villain in the james bond film "goldfinger"?
what's the closing stock price of sonoma pharmaceuticals on the last trading day?
was there an original language kylie minogue: a kylie christmas live at the royal albert hall came in?
how many times has dwayne "the rock" johnson been named as one of time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world?
how much did israel adesanya earn on average from his ufc fights against alex pereira?
which company boasts a larger market cap, gxo or tw?
i'm looking for the publisher of alan wake 2. can you help me find that information?
what movie earned leonardo dicaprio his first academy award?
how many number one hits did the beatles have?
how many more monthy listeners on spotify does the weeknd have than taylor swift?
in which movie did keanu reeves play the lead role in 2023?
how many films has paul giamatti been in?
how many number one hits did taylor swift have?
how many masters has tiger woods won?
what is the top artist in the most popular music genre in 2015?
what was portland trail blazers's scoring output on 2022-10-11?
what was the final score of cavaliers's game on 2023-04-26?
the three countries with the highest oil production are...?
what are the names of all the movies in the chronicles of narnia franchise?
for the film life or something like it, who directed it?
can you tell me the open price of kvac on the last friday?
can you tell me the date cassandra's dream was first screened for the public?
are you able to say the movie that won the award for the best documentary feature film in 1996?
how many heb locations are in austin, tx?
can you tell me the current eps of lottery.com?
how many times did ross geller get divorced?
which hotel chain is paris hilton associated with?
how many movies has julia roberts been in from 2000 to 2010?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest price-to-earnings ratio?
on what days did spi energy have a higher closing stock price this week?
can you provide me with the most recent stock price of newbury street acquisition corporation warrants?
what's the trading volume of bhfal on the last trading day?
what are the four great lakes in michigan?
can you tell me if the tournament has another language originally and what that is?
in 2017, which animated film was honored with the best animated feature film oscar award?
how many times did ftai aviation pay dividends to its shareholders in 2023?
what team did peyton manning last play for?
what was average gross for the first three pixar movies in the us and canada?
who was the first actor to play the role of a comic book villain in a live-action movie?
in 2011, which movie was distinguished for its visual effects at the oscars?
in their last match in eng-premier league, what was the goal total for manchester city?
which company had the higher debt-to-equity ratio in 2023 between meta and microsoft?
how many books and movies are there in the harry potter series?
can you tell me who won the best actor award at the 1995 oscars for their performance in a movie?
what's the current stock price of merrimack pharmaceuticals?
what car did roman pearce drive in the second fast and furious movie?
who was brad pitt married to longer, nicole kidman or katie holmes?
tell me three most recent releases by thoinot arbeau?
was jen halley involved in the production of any movies that were released between 2001 and 2013?
did eminem co-headline with any other singers by 2010? if yes, who are they?
at the oscars, who won best actor in 2000?
what album did lady gaga release in 2009, which included the songs "bad romance" and "telephone"?
can you tell me the opening stock price of kndi on the tuesday from the past week?
which company have larger market cap, mfd or allt?
who had more wins in 2022: detroit pistons or denver nuggets?
was god's not dead 2 the title originally chosen for that movie?
is there an original language that extortion came out in, and what was it?
can you tell me the opening price of gan for last tuesday?
was there an original language pizza my heart came in?
can you provide me with the most recent stock price of foghorn therapeutics?
who is the current champion heavyweight in the ufc?
what album did kendrick lamar release in 2012, which included the songs "swimming pools (drank)" and "bitch, don't kill my vibe"?
is prelude 11 the original title of the movie?
what's the latest stock price of oramed pharmaceuticals that's available?
how much total in sales did bob dylan's best selling album make?
who played the role of james bond in the film "skyfall"?
what was average budget for the last three pixar movies?
which player has the most career hat tricks in the nhl among players who have never won a scoring title?
is level 16 how that movie was officially named at first?
which nba teams have had doc rivers as their head coach?
which company in the nasdaq 100 index has the highest return on equity (roe)?
who has been in a longer relationship, jennifer lopez or jennifer aniston?
from the beginning of 2022 to it's end, how many games did indiana pacers win?
what's krys's market price right now?
which company's market capitalization is higher, nwgl or mficl?
who has more number one hits, michael jackson or the weeknd?
what is the symbol of the constellation that includes altair?
on which specific date did clermont foot last take the field in fra-ligue 1?
how many employees did microsoft have in 2023, compared to 2005?
which spider man movie made the most at the box office?
what album did maroon five release in 2010, which included the songs "moves like jagger" and "misery"?
which sports organization has a smaller membership, international tennis federation or international hockey federation?
how many teams has kelly oubre jr. played for?
in the world of cinema, who reigns supreme with the most academy awards, john calley or alan menken?
which year did oprah reach $340 million net worth?
can you tell me the date of birth of jerry jameson, the renowned moviemaker?
what teams are minor league affiliates of the san franciso giants?
how many music tours has the band rammstein done?
what is the height of 85 sky tower 's observatory?
how many times has u2 won the grammy award for album of the year?
how many movies did andrew walton direct?
who is the most-followed music artist on instagram at the moment?
which solo artist had more partners, shakira or adele?
who won best new artist at the 61st grammy (2018)?
who sang the chorus in the song "no church in the wild"?
how many atp masters 1000 titles has rafael nadal won?
which vegetable has more vitamin c, broccoli or brussel sprouts?
which day did asana have the highest price in jan?
who has more likes on tiktok, karol g or billie eilish?
how many times has lady gaga been named one of billboard's artists of the decade?
can you provide me with the most recent stock price of royalty pharma?
how old is the oldest currently working action movie actor?
when was the last time nrk issued dividends to its shareholders?
abacus life's maximum price last week?
how many companies in invesco qqq trust has a market cap higher than 15 billion
how many more ticket have been sold for action movies than drama movies in the us so far this year?
what genre of music is associated with bob marley?
can you tell me how many movies have been directed by david burris?
where will the next fifa world cup final be hosted?
for afterwards, what was the original language used?
what was the point total for warriors on 2023-05-12?
can you tell me what the ant bully title was originally supposed to be?
who are the current members of the band foo fighters?
can you tell me the date of birth of timothy woodward jr., the renowned moviemaker?
for this week, what was the average daily maximum stock price of ilag?
in their last game in eng-premier league, who was the opposing team that everton faced off against?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard adult contemporary chart, lionel richie or barry manilow?
give at least  3 etf funds with over 1 billion total of assets
how many academy awards did the movie "titanic" win?
what's meta's eps for the fourth quarter in 2023?
in 2016, which movie was distinguished for its visual effects at the oscars?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of the queen in the first season of "the crown"?
what are the top 5 highest earning movies that mark wahlberg starred in?
what album did luke bryan release in 2017, which included the songs "what makes you country" and "bad lovers"?
is tesla closing price today higher than yesterday?
what was the price of hofv stock at the end of the last day?
can you tell me the release date of move?
in 2023-01, how frequently did boston celtics come up short and lost as the home team?
who has had more weeks at number one on the uk singles chart, ed sheeran or madonna?
on what date did everton last play a game in eng-premier league?
on today's market, what is the price of rcl's stock?
does the movie go by the name mariah carey's magical christmas special originally?
mel brooks birthday is on what date?
how many trading days in a week?
how many lakes are in texas?
which player has the most career hat tricks in the nhl among players who have never won the hart trophy?
for this week, what was the average daily high stock price of flnt?
who served as the second-in-command to president franklin d. roosevelt?
can you tell me the name of the actress who starred in the film that won the best picture oscar in 1993?
what is the earnings per share of aca?
what was the total revenue of the top earning company worldwide, target?
what are all the positions in basketball?
would you happen to know the price-to-earnings ratio for intc?
in what movie did ophelia lovibond first start their acting career?
how many songs in total did michael jackson write during his career?
what was the first "talkie" musical?
can you give me the latest p/e ratio for chrd?
who was the leading captain for celta vigo in their last appearance in esp-la liga?
which company in the russell 2000 index has the highest earnings per share (eps) growth rate in the past 5 years?
on what date was chuck bowman born?
is in darkness how that movie was officially named at first?
can you provide me with the closing price of warrior met coal for the previous day?
how many stunt doubles were in the second rush hour movie?
when was chatgpt released initially?
can you carry less than the maximum number of clubs during a round of golf?
what was the volume of trading for sportsman's warehouse holdings during the first week of february?
how many times has jennifer lopez been married?
can you let me know the film that won the oscar for best documentary feature film in 2011
who are the top three goal-scorers for the montreal canadiens in the current nhl season?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard hot 100 chart, ariana grande or katy perry?
who is the most streamed spotify artist?
which stock had higher pretax income in the 4th quarter of 2023? apple or microsoft
is there an original title before bernie the dolphin 2?
how many albums has the band the rolling stones released?
what's the latest stock price of levi strauss & co that's available?
on what date was death race: inferno initially released?
which company in the nasdaq 100 index has the highest gross margin?
what's the date of patsy cline's most recent release?
during the 2007 academy awards, which movie received the award for the best documentary feature film?
what was szzl's opening price on the last friday?
what are the 2 longest rivers in nevada?
can i make cookies in an air fryer?
when was the most recent dividend payout for leg?
can you tell me the original language of raze?
how many grammy awards has jay-z won throughout his career?
how many grand slam titles has rafael nadal won?
which movie has a higher number of filming locations, the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring or the grand budapest hotel?
what movie won the academy award for best picture in 2012?
can you tell me the p/e ratio of gen?
do you know who the director of renegade is?
which company distribute more dividends this year, muj or  tcbio?
which team did rayo vallecano play against last week?
can you name the songs that selena gomez put out in 2020?
what was the closing price of vnom yesterday?
was los angeles lakers's scoring total in 2023-01 more than golden state warriors?
who has won more tour de france titles, greg lemond or miguel indurain?
who is the american singer-songwriter who has won 21 grammy awards and is known for her powerful voice and energetic live performances, including her hit songs "respect" and "chain of fools"?
which company in the dow jones index has the highest dividend yield?
which one has the higher trading volume on the last trading day, sbux or  hsic?
which is wider, a football field or a soccer pitch?
who was the goalkeeper of the team that won the champions league final last year?
how old is the last super bowl halftime performer?
who are the current members of the band linkin park?
who directed the movie "the social network"?
can you tell me the closing stock price of expe on the previous trading day?
who were the original four members of the band queen?
what was the scoring total for boston celtics on 2023-05-29?
which player has the most career passing tds in the nfl among players who have never won a super bowl?
on what date did lnc first issue dividends to its shareholders?
which players have scored at least 32 goals in a single epl season?
did reims play their last fra-ligue 1 game at home or on the road?
on which date was mavis staples born?
for the film sinbad: legend of the seven seas, what were the total box office sales on a worldwide scale?
how many times has taylor swift been named one of time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world?
what is the name of dolly parton's non-profit organization?
how many times was portland trail blazers on the losing side as the home team during 2023-01?
what is the source of the cooling system for the almaraz nuclear power plant?
what is the name of the restaurant founded by the star of joe bell
which company have larger market cap, rbc or rng?
where is marem ladson's original home country?
do you know how many people are in the weeknd?
which classic rock band released the album "sticky fingers" in 1971?
what was the most recent date that lgi paid dividends to its investors?
what is the highest-grossing film starring tom cruise?
can you tell me when internet explorer 11 was first released?
during the 2022-12 campaign, which team had a better total point performance, basketball_team_name
what's avgo's price today?
how many singles does ludacris have
how many spouses did the latest president of the united states have?
who were the producers of the bring it on movie?
how many floors (including floors both above and below ground) does the merdeka 118 have?
which teams were able to outplay washington wizards in their games played during 2022-12?
in 2021, which basketball team had more wins overall, chicago bulls or cleveland cavaliers?
how many certified units does beyoncé's best selling alubm sell?
how many p2 finishes does lando norris have in his career?
can you tell me the birthday of sam mendes?
what was the total value of all mergers and acquisitions (m&a) deals in the technology sector in 2023, as of october?
how many marriages does president donald trump have?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard hot country songs chart, carrie underwood or dolly parton?
is annie the initial name this movie had?
what were the billboard top 10 songs of 1992?
what are the five highest-grossing movies at the box office directed by nancy meyers?
which movie has a higher number of sequels, toy story or the matrix?
which oceans movie did they steal the most money?
is the original dialogue of louis, martin & michael different?
which movie has a higher box office opening weekend, spider-man: into the spider-verse or black panther?
in which film did leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet first co-star?
who has been in more movies, will farrell or steve carell?
can you provide me with the total number of regional confederations that make up fifa's organization?
how many times has dwayne "the rock" johnson appeared in a film as a demigod?
can you tell me where the artist who won the best new artist in 54th grammy (2011) was born?
which singer wrote dark nevada dream?
do you know who directed chloe and theo?
can you tell me if this is the original title, the fast and the fierce?
who did pelicans go head-to-head with on 2022-10-14?
in 2007, which movie was distinguished for its visual effects at the oscars?
what's the average net worth of the wertheimer brothers?
what was the closing price of bitcoin on february 02, 2023?
is the last resort the original title of the movie?
what's the trading volume of ccldo on the last trading day?
which film received better critic ratings from rotten tomatoes, shutter island or the wolf of wall street?
who are the main celebrity actors in pirates of the caribbean?
how many mystery movies were released during the year 2020?
who was the first actress to play the role of a female assassin in a live-action movie?
how many number one hit songs does lady gaga have?
did the song rolling stone precede the song one more time?
where did the lead designer of java (programming language) receive his ph.d.?
how many times has emma stone showcased her singing talent in a movie?
what price did the ppg industries open today?
what was tbmc's closing price yesterday?
what were 3 of the most watched halloween movies of all time?
how many times has lady gaga won a grammy award for album of the year?
what is the country of origin for frank sinatra?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard hot 100 chart, michael jackson or elvis presley?
what soul train awards has usher won in year 2023
the 1984 maze game devil world has an amazing soundtrack. who composed it?
who was the first actress to play the role of a female superhero in a live-action movie?
is dead innocent the original title of that movie?
which was the better selling album in the us, thriller or hotel california?
what was cvm's open stock price last friday?
in what movie did kelly gallant first start their acting career?
in their matches from the previous week, what is the total number of goals forced by lorient?
what was the last time avgo distributed dividends to its shareholders?
when did will smith's daughter first release music?
what is the adjusted close price of microsoft stock on feb 14 2024
what was the total trading volume of metlife during the first week of february?
how much national parks are there in the us?
how many reading and leeds festivals has the band foo fighters headlined?
how many movies have featured songs by the band queen?
tell me the original vocalists for journey.
what is the elevation of the capital of ohio?
what is the total number of oscars won by the composer john williams for his film scores?
what were paul walker's last five films?
how many times has beyoncé won a grammy award?
what was aeae's closing price yesterday?
who are the american players ranked are in the top ten of the wta?
can you provide me with the p/e ratio of dmaq?
is mercury the farthest planet from the sun?
can you tell me the number of songs that paul mccartney released between 1988 and 1998?
what is the stock's pe ratio as of the most recent trading day, rigetti computing?
what is an 18 sided shape called?
what's the name of the actor who played the role of the dean in the tv show "community"?
can you tell me who won the best actor award at the 2011 oscars?
how many "star wars" films were directed by george lucas?
what were the low and high prices of leco on the most recent trading day?
how many appearances did gloria estefan make in the superbowl by 2024?
who are the composers of 1982 maze game dig dug?
in the 2023-01 season, did houston rockets score more points than los angeles lakers?
which state in usa has the highest gdp per capita?
what was the 76ers' record the year allen iverson won mvp?
who were the members of the band aerosmith?
what was the overall scoring figure for charlotte hornets in 2022-12?
what was the total value of all mergers and acquisitions (m&a) in the healthcare sector in 2021?
which bands was johnny marr in?
which company in the s&p 500 index has the highest earnings per share (eps) growth rate in the past 5 years?
how many premier league titles have manchester united won?
which company has a higher debt-to-equity ratio, autodesk or cdw?
what is a net inflow?
how many singers have won the grammy award for album of the year at least twice?
what was the total amount of corporate bonds issued in the united states in 2020?
what is the trading volume of polypid on wed?
what is the name of the city where the events of "the dark knight" take place?
who was the player of the year in the premier league last season?
which has performed better in the past week, bitcoin or ethereum?
who are the bandmates for the band fleetwood mac?
how many laliga teams remain in the uefa champions league?
has emma thomas worked on any of her husband's films?
what age did ferdinand magelan discovered the philippines
can you tell me the date of birth of kasper holten, the renowned moviemaker?
what are the top 3 movies on hbo max?
which dow jones companies are down at least 1% today?
what rating did the most popular comedy show of 2023 have on tomatometer?
who was the player who won the most mvp awards in professional basketball last year?
where was the 2006 fifa world cup hosted?
what was the total value of all corporate bond issuances in 2024 for the first week?
how many teams make the playoffs in the nba?
what was the volume of trading for krkr on the last trading day?
how many regional confederations does world baseball softball confederation have?
is the nutcracker and the four realms the official name of that movie at first?
who was president chester a. arthur's vice president?
can you tell me the date of birth of the celebrated moviemaker roger spottiswoode?
what was sfwl's closing stock price on the most recent friday?
what is the largest national park in the us?
which company has a higher dividend yield, coca-cola or procter & gamble?
in 1991, which actor took home the oscar for best actor?
what was the number of shares traded for leo on the last trading day?
who has been in more critically acclaimed tv shows, viola davis or meryl streep?
is the business end: violence in cinema the name that this movie was initially released under?
what are all the movies ridley scott directed?
who has had more top 10 hits on the us billboard alternative airplay songs chart, radiohead or foo fighters?
during the first week of january 2024, on which days did bkn's stock price reach a higher closing price?
is austin butler younger than callum turner?
as the home team, how many total losses did sacramento kings have during 2022-12?
what's the name of the actress who played the role of a queen in the second season of the tv show "the crown"?
what movies did bruce willis work on in 2023?
do you know the name of the director who directed emma goldman: an exceedingly dangerous woman?
how much percentage has spotify's subscribers increased by since 2021?
what company in the dow jones is the best performer today?
what is the shortest highway in the us in feet?
who won the world series last year?
how long has the current president of the us been in power?
what was the date of the last time metz competed in fra-ligue 1?
which team was montpellier's challenge the previous week?
who has more total album sales throughout their career, adele or mariah carey?
what is the elevation of the capital of nebraska?
how many music videos has the band radiohead released that have been directed by grant gee?
how many jobs did amazon cut in january 2023?
which disney star persued a music career, selena gomez or amy bruckner?
is find me guilty the official name of that movie at first?
what is the abbr of the us state that is least populated?
cadiz inc. depositary shares total volume for first week in feb
what are the primary two languages of florida?
where was the first race of the 2011 f1 season?
how many jump shots did chris bosh sink in the game on 2014-10-21?
what was the venue of manchester utd's most recent eng-premier league game? was it home or away?
how many times has lady gaga been credited with an acting role?
on 2023-05-12, what was knicks's point total?
when was the great depression?
how many studio albums has the band queen released throughout their career?
what team does the player who threw the most interceptions last year play for?
which movie was nominated for more teen choice awards, inside out or finding dory?
what percentage of the year was adele's album number one on the billboard 200 in 2016?
do you know who the director of katherine ryan: in trouble is?
what is the price of the the stock with the highest asset percentage in spy holdings?
during 2005, which movie received the oscar for best visual effects?
this week, what was the highest daily high stock price that imppp reached?
on 2022-10-14, which team did rockets go head-to-head with?
originally, what language was a case of you in?
which feid album is the one that has "normal" on it?
what was the number of shares traded for xpev on the last day of trading?
can you tell me the movie that won the oscar for best documentary feature film in 2017
at first, when the clapper was released what was its original language?
was the original title of that movie george wallace: one night stand?
which company in the russell 2000 index has the highest number of employees?
how much profit does each share of sbsi generate?
what is the benefit of opening a roth 401(k) versus a traditional 401(k)?
who are the current women's champions in the ufc?
how many patents does microsoft hold globally?
which company distribute more dividends this year, ugp or  suz?
what school won the women's gymnastics ncaa championship in 2022?
who were the original members of the band the rolling stones during their "beggars banquet" era?
how many words does eminem's song rap god have in it?
what was the closing stock price of bsy compared to vtrs on the last trading day of 2023?
what is the unit of measurement for energy?
what companies were added to the dow jones industrial average in august 2020?
how did liverpool fare in their last game in eng-premier league in terms of wins and losses?
can you tell me the birthdate of the acclaimed filmmaker woody allen?
which city is the most popular tourist attraction of texas located?
did nice play their last fra-ligue 1 game on home soil or on foreign soil?
tell me the name of the movie that won the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 2000?
who are the members of neutral milk hotel?
what are the five types of financial markets?
how many floors (including floors both above and below ground) does the gevora hotel have?
which movies are featured in the movies that made us on netflix?
how many nba championships have the boston celtics and los angeles lakers won combined?
what is the current price-to-earnings ratio of littelfuse ?
was what happens in vegas the title originally chosen for that movie?
what songs were released by frank zappa in 2020?
how many feet is the place with the lowest elevation in vermont?
how many major stock exchanges are there in the world?
which company had a higher closing stock price on the last trading day of 2023, xxii or buru?
which years did the boston celtics win the nba finals?
how much did funko open at today?
who is younger, timothee chalamet or tom holland?
is the original dialogue of star wars: the rise of skywalker different?
who has more followers on instagram, selena gomez or kylie jenner?
how many days did landcadia holdings iv inc. warrant open higher this week?
how many nba championships have the golden state warriors won in the past decade?
how many free throws did kevon looney nail in the game on 2022-10-02?
on which date did rilyg distribute dividends last time
which clubs has cristiano ronaldo played for since 2010?
who were top three highest scoring wide receivers in fantasy football last season?
in 2012, which movie earned the oscar for best visual effects?
what christmas song is the most streamed, all i want for christmas is you or jingle bells?
what is the release date of ariana grande's upcoming album?
avalon globocare's maximum price last week?
can you tell me the name of the film that won the oscar for the best documentary feature film in 2002?
when did bournemouth last take the field in eng-premier league?
can you tell me the original language of brian banks?
how much more have action movies grossed than drama movies in the us this year?
for worldwide box office sales, what was touching the void?
which company's stock has had the lowest trading activity this week, kind or  casi?
how long does a stock need to be held to make capital gains long term?
what is the count of the goals for the top scorer in soccer?
which song came out more recently, all alone or one more time?
which movie is considered the best political film, "the godfather" or "schindler's list"?
what has more fat between chicken and lamb?
how many times has justin bieber been named as one of the most influential people in the world by time magazine?
what are all the movies christopher r. mihm directed?
on the last trading day, what was the trading volume of lope?
what's the vertical extent of the observatory housed in shanghai tower?
when does lorient next compete in fra-ligue 1?
what was the average opening weekend sales for the black panther movies?
last week on friday, what was the open price of flex?
what percentage of the year was "black beatles" the number one song on the billboard 100 in 2016?
who is the last emperor of the yuan dynasty?
what is the name of the beauty company hailey bieber launched in 2022?
who had the larger cast, arrival or lady bird?
when did air supply start performing as a band?
what was the total market value of aisp's shares?
what was the opening market price of dbx on last monday?
who has been in more movies, johnny depp or robert downey jr.?
how much more could i have put in my ira last year if i was 45 and contributed $3,123?
which movie did jennifer lawrence co-star in with bradley cooper where she played a character with a mental health condition?
what ended the war of 1812?
how much does flex ltd.'s stock open today?
what is the deepest oceanic trench on earth?
when does atlético madrid have their next match in esp-la liga?
what are the top 3 countries with the largest electricity production?
who has taken home more grammy awards until 62nd grammy (2019), ed sheeran or taylor swift?
what was the volume for icmb on the past trading day?
when did robert john "mutt" lange's third wife release her album come on over?
who plays the officers in superbad?
which star is brighter, sirius or alpha centauri?
how many times has ruben östlund won the palme d'or at the cannes film festival?
what pixar films were released after 2017?
what does raroc mean?
what was the weekly average closing price of ph for the last week?
how many formula one world championships has max verstappen won?
how many toys does andy have in the third toy story movie?
did meta have any mergers or acquistions in 2022?
can you tell me when pitch perfect was publicly accessible for viewing?
is elon musk richer than joe rogan?
is georgetown university law center private or public?
if i take $2000 in four years with annual interest rate of 10%, what is the present value of this amount?
did candyman: farewell to the flesh come out earlier than little italy?
what was the average daily high of tbmc this week?
who was the prime minister of the netherlands in 2007?
what was amazon's average annual revenue for the past 3 years?
who did rihanna co-headline a tour with?
what was asana's trading volume for the first week of february, cumulatively?
what company in the dow jones has the largest market capitalization?
what was the price of rs stock at closing time on the last trading day?
what is the height of the observatory of the burj khalifa?
who's the younger artist out of taylor swift and justin bieber?
do you now what songs that the earthlings published in 2001?
can you tell me the director for deadpool 2?
what is the earnings per share of gamc?
who was the player who won the most matches in professional tennis last year?
which baseball players have hit at least 700 home runs in their career?
what was the first movie to use artificial intelligence to create the entire movie script and direction?
on the last tuesday, what was the opening stock price of gladz?
what is altria group's dividend yield?
what are the three companies in the dow jones that bring in the most revenue?
which tennis players have won the grand slam singles title in all four categories (australian open, french open, wimbledon, and us open) at least twice?
what are the 5 most spoken languages in the world?
what was blacw's stock price at the close of trading yesterday?
how many academy awards has meryl streep won?
how many 3-point attempts did steve nash average per game in seasons he made the 50-40-90 club?
which iconic guitarist is known for his performance of "the star-spangled banner" at woodstock in 2020?
who were the producers of the movie paul blart: mall cop?
what dates did meta report quarterly earnings for the fiscal year 2023?
can you tell me the birthday of fanny howe?
which children does arnold schwarzenegger have?
how many grammies did ariana grande won until 60th grammy (2017)?
what album did bruno mars release in 2012, which included the songs "locked out of heaven" and "when i was your man"?
how much has nvidia gained in market cap since the end of 2023?
where did the lead designer of fortran get his m.s. from?
who were awarded the best new artist from 59th grammy (2016) to 61st grammy (2018)?
what was the total amount of dividends paid out by companies in the energy sector in 2023?
who painted the ceiling of the palace of versailles?
which company's stock is more attractive based on the p/e ratio, inbx or  rxrx?
which company has a higher dividend yield, costco or intel?
can you name the film that took home the best animated feature film oscar in 2018?
in 1995, which actor's performance in a movie earned them the coveted best actor oscar?
could you provide me with the price-to-earnings ratio of psf?
how many sales were made by wild wild west at the box office across the globe?
who is older, leonardo dicaprio or brad pitt?
can you tell me the closing stock price of city holding company on the last trading day?
who were the members of the band the rolling stones during their "exile on main st." era?
can you provide me with the dates when indb's stock price closed at a lower value last week?
how many gold medals did china win in 2018 olympics?
how many tour de france titles has bernard hinault won?
is python (programming language) garbage-collected?
what fast and furious movie was paul walker's last?
what are ben affleck's top 3 movies according to rotten tomatos?
in their upcoming fixture in eng-premier league, which team will liverpool face off against?
during the time of 2023-01, how many of their games as home team did denver nuggets lose?
what are the latest three releases by the dolphins?
what's the name of the actor who played the role of harvey specter in the tv show "suits"?
how many la liga titles have barcelona won?
how many nfl stadiums have a retractable roof?
which player has the most career goals in the mls among players who have never won the mvp award?
what was the total value of all exchange-traded funds (etfs) in the united states in 2020?
when did drake release their most popular album?
do you know who the director of parkland is?
what percentage of israel adesanya's ufc fights have ended in a decision?
what was the number of shares traded for adsk on the final trading day?
what team will manchester utd go head-to-head against in their next match in eng-premier league?
for how long did rihanna take a break from making music?
can you tell me the date of the most recent dividend distribution by fgfpp?
how many albums has the band metallica released that have been certified platinum by the riaa?
who were the actors that played 3 main characters in the hangover?
do you know the birth date of the sports?
did roxanna michaels play in any movie between 2018 and 1993
in 2021, which actor's outstanding performance earned them the coveted best actor oscar?
who has had more number one hits on the us billboard hot dance/electronic songs chart, calvin harris or the chainsmokers?
what is the current price of the tech stock with highest market cap in us?
for girls' night out, what was the release date?
how many grammys does kanye west have?
which golfers have won the masters tournament at least three times?
which movie cost more to create, star wars: new hope or avengers: endgame?
in terms of membership, which sports federation is smaller, fédération internationale de l'automobile or fifa?
in 2022, memphis grizzlies won how many times?
how many tablespoons of sugar does this recipe require if it uses 2 cups?
what was the total value of all venture capital investments in the technology sector in 2021?
how many units did the beatles sell in their career so far?
how many locations were filmed in the bourne movie released in 2004?
on what date did the wizard of gore first hit theaters for the first time?
who was the mvp of the nba finals last year?
can you tell me the original language of the pact?
which company had higher market cap now, chmg or htcr?
which law school has a longer history, cornell law school or columbia law school?
